[unreadable] An important role for the balance between pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines in determining the severity and progression of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is now well established. A key role for the inflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and interleukin-1 (IL-1) has been confirmed by the efficacy of new biological therapies that block TNF and IL-1 activity. RA synovitis is also characterized by the expression of the potent antiinflammatory cytokine IL-10. A key activity of

The architectural complexity of the retina is brought about by a series of developmental events controlling" proliferation, fate determination, migration, process outgrowth, target recognition, synaptogenesis and cell death. These processes establish a precisely layered structure in which retinal neurons become positioned at different depths, connected via two intervening synaptic layers. Superimposed upon this layered organization, certain cell types are distributed as orderly arrays across a given layer so that they, and their processes, ensure a uniform sampling of the retinal surface as they establish

This project is designed to study morphological and functional changes in the neural substrate for a learned behavior. Zebra finches (Poephila guttata) will be used as an animal model in which to investigate factors regulating structural plasticity in developing and adult brain, trophic interactions in vertebrate fore brain, neural and hormonal mechanisms underlying the development of a complex learned behavior, and sex differences in neural morphology and cellular processes. 1. Zebra finches learn the sounds used for communication during a restricted period

The enteroendocrine cells, which comprise approximately 1% of epithelial cells in the gastrointestinal tract, represent the largest population of hormone-producing cells in the body. The enteroendocrine cells share a common lineage with other non-endocrine cell lineages and originate from primitive intestinal stem cells in the intestinal crypts. There are two complementary populations of stem cells, a self-renewing stem cell population and a quiescent stem cell population. The self-renewing stem cells highly express Lgr

Centromeres of eukaryotic chromosomes are specific regions along the chromatin fiber that play a fundamental role in chromosome movement during cell division. Centromere DNA sequences isolated from the yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, enable foreign DNA introduced into yeast to function as ordinary yeast chromosomes during cell division. We will examine how the centromere DNA sequence interacts with chromatin components in the cell nucleus, including nuclear proteins and microtubules, to give rise to a functional centromeric unit. We will map the location of nucle

Although arsenic is a well-established human carcinogen and induces cancers the skin, liver, bladder, and lung, the underlying carcinogenic mechanism(s) for arsenic is unknown. Although arsenic induces chromosomal aberrations and sister chromatid exchanges in cultured mammalian cells it has not been shown to be active as a gene mutagen. Using the human-hamster hybrid (A/L) cells that are sensitive in detecting multilocus deletions, the applicant has obtained preliminary data suggesting that arsenic is mutagenic in mammalian

This application proposes a program of training in development and psychopathology that integrates diverse approaches and methodologies used in developmental and child clinical psychology. Research training will take place in the University of Oregon Psychology and Counseling Psychology programs, Oregon Social Learning Center (OSLC) and Oregon Research Institute (ORI). The program is organized around an ecological framework for the study of developmental psychopathology that integrates neuroscience, cognitive psychology, personality, social development, and intervention science. For trainees, the key features of the research

The long-term goal of these investigations is to understand how genes cause congenital heart disease (CHD). The first set of objectives involved devising methods of analysis by unifying two approaches: the focus of the current application, involves obtaining clinical data and extending the theory to the analysis of these data. These sets of objectives are clearly synergistic, and examination of empiric data will continue to stimulate fresh ideas for theory, just as exploration of models has pointed to potentially revealing avenues of clinical study. Considerable

Existing mRNA quantification methods As it is becoming increasingly apparent that gene expression in individuai cells deviates substantially from the average behavior of cell populations (Raj and van Oudenaarden, 2008), new methods that provide accurate integer counts of mRNA copy numbers in individual cells are needed. Ideally, such methods should also reveal the intracellular locations of the mRNAs, as mRNA localization is often used by cells to spatially restrict the activity of RNA binding proteins (St Johnston, 2005). One of the methods sensitive

Temporal and spatial expression of laminin (LN) isoforms is critical to glomerular development and contributes to altered cell function in diabetic nephropathy and other progressive renal diseases. Yet, little is known about the mechanisms that regulate LN isoform expression. We propose that insulin-like growth factor binding protein-5 (IGFBP-5) leads to formation of a filamin-based nuclear shuttle that binds transcription factors (e.g. sox9, GKLF, Sp1, Smad) and

The proposed study, the Mexican Health and Aging Study-II (MHAS-II), aims to design and field the 3rd and 4th waves of survey data collection in Mexico. The two waves will be fielded in 2012 and 2014, eleven years after the two previous waves funded by NIA/NIH were fielded in 2001 and 2003. Funds are sought also to archive, document, and disseminate for public use the 3rd and 4th rounds as well as the resulting integrated

I propose to investigate the role of calcium and cyclic nucleotides in the physiology of the vertebrate rod photoreceptor. It is well established that these substances are involved in generating the rod's electrical response to light. However, the difficulty of observing the light regulation of calcium and cyclic GMP in the intact rod has precluded a clear understanding of their functional roles. I will address this problem by measuring light evoked changes in extracellular calcium concentration in the space surrounding the rod outer segments, utilizing a planar calcium-sensitive membrane electrode

The primary aim of this study is to further examine the effects of hypokalemia and hypernatremia on the blood perfused working heart of the dog. In some animals the changes will be produced locally by interposing a blood dialyzer in the left common coronary artery. Experiments already completed indicate that local hypokalemia initially increases both myocardial contractile force and coronary vascular resistance and that local hypokalemia enhances the increased force seen with local hypernatremia. In an attempt to shed

Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm (AAA) is a common and devastating disease which is increasing in incidence. Although easy and inexpensive to detect by ultrasound, most aneurysms are small when detected and there is currently no medical regimen which will inhibit their growth. There is an increasing body of evidence implicating a family of matrix degrading enzymes, the matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) in AAA. Although both MMP-9 and MMP-12 may have a role in AAA, we have identified

Dopaminergic neurons control aspects of mood, cognition and movement, and are involved in the pathogenesis of a variety of brain disorders including drug addiction. A central regulator of dopaminergic neurotransmission is the dopamine (DA) transporter (DAT) that is expressed exclusively in dopaminergic neurons and is responsible for clearance of extracellular DA. Psychostimulants such as amphetamines and cocaine elicit dramatic behavioral phenotypes primarily by targeting DAT directly and increasing extracellular DA concentration. DA neurons are functionally heterogeneous and morphologically complex, with

The proposed research is to continue fundamental studies on the physical-chemical functions and chemical reactivity of hydrophilic colloids (food stabilizers) in biological systems, for the purpose of obtaining information by which these additives may be judicially selected for use in food stabilization. The investigation will continue to deal with the significance of the chemical structure and configuration of selected polysaccharides, including carrageenan, carboxymethylcellulose, alginates, and locust bean gum for their interactions with proteins, lipids,

[unreadable] [unreadable] ACIP has now recommended influenza vaccination for all children 6 months to 18 years of age. While many school-aged children will be vaccinated in the medical home, the large number of children for whom the vaccine is now recommended exceeds the capacity of many primary care settings. Schools have been recommended as potential sites for influenza vaccination, yet little is known about the feasibility, implementation requirements, costs, or effectiveness of school- based influenza vaccination (SIV) programs. This project will

Diffusion tensor MRI (DTI) is a powerful in vivo technique that is sensitive to deep brain tissue water microdynamics and microstructure. DTI-derived orientation and scalar maps have the unique potential to provide objective and specific measures of the Multiple Sclerosis pathology. The hallmarks of MS pathology may include inflammation, demyelination, gliosis, direct axonal loss directly or indirectly through Wallerian degeneration (WD). WD can cause axonal loss distal from the initial demyelinating lesion and its signature

Lung endothelium has historically been considered a homogeneous and metabolically inactive cell layer. However, we now know that lung endothelium is richly diverse in structure and function, and actively participates in normal vascular homeostasis, the response to lung injury, and vascular repair following injury. This Program Project Grant is founded on the hypothesis that endothelium lining the lung's extra-alveolar and alveolar blood vessels is phenotypically distinct, and that the unique behaviors of cells from these different vascular locations is necessary for them to fulfill

It has been generally assumed that secretin is a physiological stimulant for pancreatic water and bicarbonate secretion. There is, however, no proof for this assumption. In fact, there is some recent evidence that it may be invalid. In order to qualify as physiologic stimulant, secretin has to be released after intake of a meal. Using a radioimmunoassay which increased sensitivity (6 pg/ml) and determining IRS concentrations in peripheral and portal venous serum we plan to investigate whether or

The increased use of amphetamine-type stimulants (ATS), which refer to the group of stimulants including methamphetamine (MA) and amphetamine, has become a major global health problem in recent years. There is also an increasing concern about the high rate of the non-medical use of prescription stimulants among adolescents. In this competing renewal of DA024070, an international collaborative study aimed to determine the effects of MA on the developing brain, we propose to extend our studies in ATS-

Project Summary/Abstract The National Cancer Institute (NCI) established the Cancer Genetics Network (CGN) in 1998 as a multi-centered national project designed to support collaborative investigations on the genetic basis of cancer susceptibility and to explore mechanisms to integrate this new knowledge into medical practice. A fundamental issue in this high-risk population is how to optimally screen for early detection of disease. Recent discovery of new biomarkers that change with early stages of disease offer promising non-invasive strategies for screening. However,

PROJECT SUMMARY Diarrheal disease causes close to one million deaths in children under five each year. Although its incidence is much lower in the more affluent nations, diarrhea remains one of the two most common visits to pediatric emergency rooms and is also common among the institutionalized elderly. NHE3 is a major sodium transporter in the brush border membrane of the small intestine and proximal colon. Abnormal NHE3 expression and function are associated with diarrheal diseases resulting from acute pathogenic infection and

Dengue hemorrhagic fever (DHF) is a severe manifestation of mosquito-borne dengue virus (DV) infection that is characterized by plasma leakage. Several factors are believed to be important in the pathogenesis of DHF, including host factors (e.g. HLA, pre-existing memory B and T cell responses), viral factors and entomologic factors. The goal of this project is to better define the mechanisms of disease pathogenesis and control utilizing three distinct clinical studies in Thailand to address the following

Nira Pollock, MD, PhD, is currently an instructor of medicine and infectious diseases (ID) at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC). The candidate's long-term goal is to develop an independent patient-oriented research career focused on the development and evaluation of new diagnostic tests for infectious diseases. Dr. Pollock's interest in diagnostics emerged from her strong combined basic science and clinical training and was focused by her ID specialization. Recognizing the rise of global tuberculosis (

[unreadable] [unreadable] Our mission is to make available human brain and other body parts specimens from neuropsychiatric diseases and disorders, and normal controls. The Human Brain and Spinal Fluid Resource Center (Bank), established since 1961 is a repository of blood, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and cryopreserved postmortem nervous system tissue, available for research. Located at West Los Angeles VA Healthcare Center, our Bank functions as a dependable bridge between patients, clinicians and scientists. Volunteer patients

This is a new project, just commencing. Extensive studies of Ewing's sarcoma and related round cell tumors of childhood have served to distinguish most from one another on the basis of positive reactivity with one or more antibodies. No antibody specific for Ewing's sarcoma, or restricted to a few tumors including Ewing's, has been identified to date. It is the aim of the present study to produce a battery of monoclonal antibodies against selected, well-characterized Ewing's sarcoma lines established in

The objective of this program is to prepare post-doctoral trainees to establish independent research careers in the areas of gonadal function, early pregnancy and embryonic development through implantation. The training program will consist of three elements;independent laboratory research, group seminars and other functions held jointly with the Center for Reproductive Sciences, and formal course work in research ethics and animal welfare, as well as subjects that will enhance the trainee's research expertise. The independent research will occur in a laboratory selected by the tra

Haemophilus influenzae is an important cause of human disease, producing both localized respiratory tract and systemic (bacteremic) infections. The initial step in the pathogenesis of disease due to this organism involves colonization of the upper respiratory tract. Despite the essential role of colonization, the determinants of this process remain poorly defined. We have developed an in vitro model for studying interactions between H. influenzae and human epithelial cells. In this model H. influenzae demonstrates efficient attachment and

Iron is essential for cell growth and division, but it is also harmful when it accumulates in cells. Therefore, the intracellular level of iron must be precisely regulated. Iron-overload diseases are primarily caused by hereditary hemochromatosis (HH)-the most common genetic disorder in Europe and the United States. The well studied pathways for regulated iron uptake and storage are mediated by the transferrin/transferrin receptor complex and by the storage protein, ferritin, respectively. However, it appears

The long-term objective of this project is to obtain detailed biochemical information and understanding of the metabolism of acetate in the strictly anaerobic microorganism Methanosarcina barkeri. Specific goals are concerned with determination of structural and catalytic properties of a high molecular mass multienzyme complex that, as previous results of this project have demonstrated, catalyzes a critical, early event in acetate decomposition--namely, cleavage of the carbon-carbon bond of acetate (as acetyl-CoA). This project has shown that tetra

An ALPS-like patient without an identified mutation has been found to have a unique in vitro defect in T cell apoptosis associated with IL-2 withdrawal but normal T cell and B cell apoptosis in response to staurosporine, etoposide, cisplatin and radiation. This suggests the possibility of a distinct defect in the mitochondrial cell death pathway with a number of candidate proteins that could account for this in vitro defect. This lead to protein analysis by Western blot using B cell lines from the patient that

The Clinical Research Unit is a facility where patients may be admitted for special study. The studies range from the evaluation of new surgical techniques to studies of endocrinologic mechanisms, evaluating new medical procedures, drug evaluations and the study of disease mechanisms. All of the studies are aimed at evaluating or evolving new treatment methods or gaining better insights into metabolic processes and disease mechanisms so that better therapeutic approaches can be devised. The facility provides a meeting place for investigators whose different ideas and approaches can be joined on specific problems

Thyroid hormones stimulate growth of normal and malignant cells, and influence metabolism and development. They are, therefore, excellent signals to study as a model for understanding general features of regulation of these processes in mammalian systems. In the proposed studies, we plan to investigate the molecular mechanism of thyroid hormone action. To do so we hope to purify chromatin "receptor" proteins which appear to be mediators of the thyroid hormone response. We plan to study the properties of these receptors in terms of potential biological function and

We plan to study the organization and expression of various mammalian polypeptide hormone gene systems: namely insulin; the glycoprotein hormones (chorionic gonadotropin, luteinizing hormone, follicle stimulating hormone, and thyroid stimulating hormone); and the growth hormone related proteins (growth hormone, chorionic somatomammotropin and prolactin). Both cDNA and genomic clones will be isolated from specific human and rat tissues using recombinant DNA methods and analyzed by nucleotide sequence analysis. The coding and noncoding regions (5' and

Modern techniques for the management of recurrent cardiac arrhythmias are frequently based on the results of electrophysiology studies in a cardiac catheterization laboratory. Among the most important yet difficult and time consuming aspects of these studies are the observation and accurate measurement of the timing of intracardiac electrograms. Certain preliminary observation must be made during the procedure itself (online) while more detailed analysis is done later (offline) by working through the length strip chart recording with a pair of calipers and millimeter scale. The

PROJECT SUMMARY/ABSTRACT The need to train the next generation of medical geneticists has never been more urgent. Our biggest challenge in Medicine is to handle the flood of genomic information associated with new methodologies such as next generation sequencing. The overwhelming power of these new technologies is transforming the traditional approach to medical diagnosis and functional investigations. This renewal training proposal will prepare the future generation to tackle a new reality in which: 1) genetic testing and technology evolves rapidly, 2) most clinical testing is done outside

The physiological effects of cyclic AMP in mammalian tissues are thought to be mediated by the action of cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinases. Mechanistic studies are being carried out in our laboratory on bovine cardiac muscle protein kinase, a cyclic AMP-activated enzyme which catalyzes phosphate transfer from ATP to peptide and protein substrates. In most of our work we have used the peptide substrate Leu-Arg-Arg-Ala-Ser-Leu-Gly and related peptides in which the residues on either side of the Ser

Adolescent partner violence (APV) is an important social and health problem with potentially dire consequences. Youth exposure to IPV is also a problem, and children from families characterized by IPV, compared to children from nonviolent families, are more likely to act violently toward their own dating partners and spouses. However, not all youth exposed to IPV go on to act violently toward others. In fact, although the witnessing of IPV increases risk for perpetration of APV, many youth who

Evidence suggests that for the most part gp4l neutralizing epitopes are cryptic, and this is most likely related to the functional role of the transmembrane protein (TM) in mediating virus entry. It has been shown that gpl2O-CD4 binding causes the HIV envelope to undergo a series of conformational changes, which may be driven by the formation of a series of structural intermediates within gp41, leading ultimately to virus entry. Previous work in the applicant's laboratory has identified two regions within the ect

It has been estimated that more than one third of patients with neurological disorders with problems affecting the neuromuscular system. Striking progress has been made in understanding many of these diseases, and in the effective application of the new knowledge to treatment. This progress has been made possible by the intimate interaction of basic and clinical scientific approaches. At the same time, the analysis of human neuromuscular diseases has contributed to the understanding of the basic biology of nerves, muscles, and nerve-muscle interactions. The goal of

In recent years, pain research has made revolutionary advances at levels ranging from genes to behavior. However, one basic level of organization that has proved particularly resistant to analysis is the intrinsic circuitry underlying pain transmission and modulation within the first central relay area, the spinal dorsal horn. There is much evidence that changes in intrinsic dorsal horn interneurons contribute to plasticity underlying inflammatory and neuropathic pain, but further understanding has been limited by a dearth of methods for studying this intrinsic circuitry. In recent years a novel technique

In our 1 M GWAS, 4 of the 10 SNPs most significantly associated with body mass index (BMI) mapped near or within the MAP2K3 gene. Fine mapping of this region revealed that specific regions of this locus were duplicated, and a large number of the database SNPs from this region were false SNPs. Validated SNPs that mapped uniquely to the MAP2K3 locus were genotyped in 3500 full-heritage Pima Indians and replication was assessed in a second sample of 3800

This research plan is directed towards improving artificial kidney technology, one of the specific areas of interest to the National Institute of Arthritis, Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. By the middle of 1977 more than 36,000 patients were being regularly treated for uremia by hemodialysis at an annual cost of $650,000,000. Generally, this treatment required the use of large complicated machines at treatment centers. Sorbent regeneration of dialysate is one approach to substantially reducing the cost

Project summary/abstract This proposal is to synthesize and commercialize Fmoc protected glycoamino acids (GAAs) in large scale. Glycoproteins have been reported to exhibit a pivotal role in processes as diverse as fertilization, neuronal development, hormone activities, immune surveillance, and inflammatory responses. GAAs are the brick to build all glycopeptides and glycoproteins. The synthesis of GAAs requires sophisticated protection/deprotection and activation strategies that is time consuming. Glycoscientists have faced

The cytochromes P-450 are central to the metabolism of xenobiotics and drugs and to the activation and detoxification of carcinogens. Whether a potentially carcinogenic molecule is metabolized to an active carcinogen or to an excretable form may depend on the activity and substrate specificity of the forms of the P-450s which predominate in the target tissue. As a result of this, susceptibility to cancer induction may well depend on the regulation of expression of the genes for specific

Urinary incontinence is a major health care problem in the United States and an area of high priority for NIDDK. This DK55387 competitive renewal grant will explore several new developments using muscle derived stem cells (MDSC) as a treatment of stress urinary incontinence. We were extremely productive during the initial ROl grant funding period and we would like to thank NIDDK for their support. All key objectives of the previous grant were successfully completed. This resulted in 7 peer review papers,

It is widely thought that the exposure of chondrogenic factors to bone marrow progenitor cells in cartilage lesions can enhance the synthesis of a repair tissue. This proposal is based on the hypotheses that gene transfer can be used as a means to achieve sustained synthesis of specific proteins within a cartilaginous lesion, and that this can be used to augment the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells toward chondrogenesis in vivo. We have recently found that a natural clot created from freshly coagulated bone marrow aspirate forms a

The activity of calcium-activated neutral proteases (CANP) and acid proteases has been studied in the squid nervous system as well as the rat erythrocyte ghost. In the squid, nerve cell bodies and axons contain abundant CANP activity, whereas nerve terminals (i.e., optic lobe synaptosomes) do not. In contrast, the axon contains no detectable acid (lysosomal) protease whereas the cell bodies and nerve terminals contain significant levels of these acid hydrolases. Ethanol appeared

The role of specific neurotransmitters in regulating neuronal activity in the basal ganglia and related areas has been investigated in order to develop a basis for designing improved pharmacological treatments for neurological disorders involving these brain regions. Current topics under investigation are: 1) Modulation of substania nigra (SN) dopamine cell activity. Although dopamine and SN pars reticulata neurons possess at least two types of specific excitatory amino acid receptors, excitatory amino acid antagonists do not block spontaneous discharge of these cells. The neuropeptide

This proposal is designed to develop islet transplantation in diabetic animals by protecting isolated islet tissue from rejection through the use of a specific semi-permeable membrane in a transplantation chamber. The use of isolation and tissue culture techniques should supply a fibroblast-free source of graft tissue. The development of precise membranes for this application is designed to exclude antibodies while permitting diffuson of glucose, insulin, and nutrients. The development of regional anti-coagulation for the intravascular model ad fibroresistant surfaces for

The goal of this research is to develop high-frequency three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound elasticity imaging which can detect the onset of keratoconus, monitor progression of this disease, and for late stage treatment aid corneal transplant surgery. High-frequency ultrasound elasticity imaging has mainly been used with two- dimensional (2D) motion tracking of tissue deformation. Unfortunately 2D elasticity imaging is severely restricted to well controlled tissue deformation in order to prevent artifacts caused by out-of-plane motion (motion

The ability of cells to form defined shapes, and to dynamically regenerate their cytoskeletal and membrane structures following damage, is one of the current mysteries of cell biology. In addition to being a fundamental cell biological problem, understanding development and regeneration of cellular morphology would be a starting point towards developing a whole new approach to regenerative medicine, in which rather than attempting to replace damaged cells with stem cell derived substitutes, one would induce the damaged cells to regenerate in situ. Currently there is almost nothing known about

An animal model of human syphilis has been developed, where inbred Syrian hamsters infected with Treponema pallidum develop lesions like "hard chancre" at the site of inoculation (inguinal area) which eventually heal, then animals develop oral ulcers corresponding to mucosal lesions of human secondary syphilis. The proposed research will examine the underlying cellular mechanisms of immunosuppression associated with acute and chronic syphilitic infection. Specific B lymphocyte, T lymphocyte and macrophage cell functions will be

Annually in the U.S., more than 1.7 million people sustain a traumatic brain injury (TBI), and approximately $76.5 billion is spent on TBI treatment and rehabilitation. Over the last 10 years, the prevalence of women with TBI has risen by 49%. Research shows that women with TBI have worse outcomes than men, including reporting more headaches and dizziness, as well as loss of confidence, perceived need for supervision, and problems setting realistic goals. Pre-injury, women generally

The increased risk of developing heart disease, strokes, and diabetes with excess adipose tissue is well known;obesity is generally caused by excess caloric intake. Less well appreciated are the devastating effects on health of the lipodystrophies. In the most severe forms, adipose tissue is virtually nonexistent, fat is abnormally stored in the liver and muscle, and there is a huge increase in circulating levels of triglycerides and free fatty acids. Metabolic diseases including diabetes, and frank organ failure, often

The purpose of this project is to develop improved drug therapies for nervous system disease. Towards this end, investigations seek to determine the relationship between dysfunction in a specific neurotransmitter system and the appearance of a particular neurologic syndrome. In addition, the ability of novel pharmacologic agents to modify the activity of specific transmitter systems in brain and spinal cord are investigated. Major topics under current study include: 1) Application of the oxygen-18 method for evaluating central monoamine metabolism and the fluorodeoxyglucose method

The current proposal is a five year competitive renewal application by the University of Colorado Health Science Center (UCHSC) to support this General Clinical Research Center. The GCRC at this institution in now entering its 30th year of uninterrupted support. The application requests support for 14 adult inpatient beds, an outpatient facility, administrative functions, nursing, an active Core Laboratory, a dietary capability, a growing Computer System and a Human Physiology Laboratory. The research involves 107 approved protocols with 136 investigators from the

Microglia comprise the immune system of the central nervous system; inappropriate activation of these cells and the resultant inflammation has been implicated in the progression of a number of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's (AD) and Parkinson's (PD) disease. Inhibition of microglial activation is an obvious approach to prevent orat least delay progression of neurodegeneration. A major expected drawback to large scale, long term inhibition of the brain's immune system is increased susceptibility to cancer and infection. Among the many neurotoxic compounds

The aim of this work is to evaluate the impact of a local policy change (i.e., the Minneapolis Staple Food Ordinance) that establishes minimum stocking criteria for a wide array of healthy foods as a requirement of food store licensing. Recent calls to action from the CDC, the Institute of Medicine and other authorities have identified improving access to healthy foods as a primary strategy for local governments to use in advancing obesity prevention efforts, but policy initiatives in this area have been limited. In this study,

Our work can be divided into five major categories: neuroanatomy, neuropharmacology, molecular neuroendocrinology, physiology, and behavior. Mapping receptor localizations using the in vitro binding and autoradiography techniques yields important basic information about brain organization and function. We have localized the cannabinoid receptor in brain. The molecular biology group uses in situ hybridization to examine the regulation of gene expression of neuropeptides, monoamine synthesizing enzymes, and adrenal steroid receptors, which have

Treatment of schizophrenia (SZ) patients with monoaminergic antagonist drugs (typical or atypical neuroleptics) has an antipsychotic effect, but negative symptoms and cognition are not significantly improved. Hence, there is an urgent need to find new molecular targets for the development of pharmacological agents active on cognitive deficits and negative symptoms. In this regard, nicotine receptor agonists are some of the most promising treatment options currently under investigation (Freedman et al, 2008). Postmortem examination of the brain of SZ

A method was developed to determine rates of incorporation of palmitic acid into different brain regions in the awake rat. The regional cerebral metabolic rate for palmitate, rCMRpalm, was determined. rCMRpalm ranged from 2 x 10-5 mol/g-sec at the internal capsule to 9.3 x 10-5 mol/g-sec at the median eminence, and was proportional to the regional cerebral metabolic rate for glucose. rCMRpalm is

Numerous recent studies link development of type 2 diabetes (T2D) to endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, a condition that occurs whenever protein-folding requirements overwhelm protein-folding capacity in the secretory pathway. Notably, there is mounting evidence that ER stress contributes to diminished glucose-responsive insulin secretion in ?-cells, to ?-cell apoptosis, and to general peripheral insulin resistance, all hallmarks of T2D. ER stress triggers the unfolded protein response (UPR)

Principal Investigator/Program Director (Last, first, middle): Miller, Josef, M. RESEARCH &RELATED Other Project Information 1. * Are Human Subjects Involved? l Yes m No 1.a. If YES to Human Subjects Is the IRB review Pending? l Yes m No IRB Approval Date: Exemption Number: 1 2 3 4 5 6 Human Subject Assurance Number 00004969 2. * Are Vertebrate Animals Used? m Yes l

Described here is a multidisciplinary program which is aimed at elucidating the cellular mechanisms involved in the accumulation and remodeling of muscle connective tissue and the reduced range of movement that occur in aging and/or inactive individuals. The first hypothesis is that the amount and properties of the connective tissue in the muscle belly are influenced by the type of activity that the muscle is subjected to and that stretch is the important factor. The second hypothesis is that connective tissue remodeling is linked with adjustments in sarcomere number so that there

People in recovery from serious mental illness are often excluded from making decisions about their own mental health care, frequently resulting in poor alliances with their care providers. While the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act addresses this issue by requiring programs to be person-centered and recovery-oriented, providers often struggle to identify concrete ways to change their practices. Person-Centered Recovery Planning (PCRP) is an evidence-based approach to collaborative service planning among an individual, the treatment team, and supports. PCRP

Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is a rapidly emerging disease estimated to afflict 30 to 70 million people in the U.S. in general. NAFLD, if allowed to progress, can result in premature death. Heritability is strong in NAFLD, and those with genetic predisposition are at higher risk for disease progression. Little is known about symptoms and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) in persons with NAFLD. This pilot study will examine the

An organism's ability to detect and respond to environmental stimuli is critical for its survival. It is particularly important for animals to incorporate contextual information, such as internal state or external cues, in order to modify behavioral responses and maximize fitness. This behavioral plasticity has largely been studied in the context of learning or adaptation. However, how environmental cues modulate the valence of innate responses to nave stimuli remains poorly understood. Behavioral plasticity can stem from genetic, molecular, and circuit level changes in neural function, ultimately leading

DESCRIPTION (applicant's abstract): Neurosecretory neurons have a large capacity for morphological and physiological plasticity as a function of endocrine state during adulthood. Of principal interest in this project is the formation of new synapses in the supraoptic and paraventricular nuclei of the hypothalamo-neurohypophysial system during lactation, when the demand for oxytocin (OT) release is high. This morphological plasticity is accompanied by significant increases in the activity of glutamate-releasing synapses which are

Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH's) are widespread pollutants. Many are metabolized to highly carcinogenic derivatives. The principal enzyme activity involved is cytochrome P1-450 dependent aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase (AHH). PAH's, in addition to being substrates, also induce P1-450. Induction is mediated by the Ah receptor. This receptor also mediates pathogenesis (including carcinogenesis) of many environmentally important polychlorinated hydrocarbons, but by an unknown mechanism. P1-450 is highly

Work from several laboratories over the past 10-15 years has established that the monomeric end-products of lysosomal digestion, e.g. amino acids, monosaccharides, nucleosides and (probably) lipid components traverse the lysosomal membrane to the cytoplasm through the agency of specific carriers rather than by simple diffusion. The importance of these carriers to animal metabolism is indicated by the existence of two human disorders, viz., cystinosis and sialic acid storage disease, which owe their origin to

Abstract: Our archival data indicates that 27% of older adults hospitalized with major depression and suicidality continue to report suicidal ideation (SI) three months after discharge. Having persistent post- discharge SI places individuals at very high risk for suicidal behaviors and death. Cognitive and affective mechanisms likely determine the course of post-discharge SI, but interrupting these processes remains challenging. This is, in part, because the upstream modifiable risk factors that exacerbate problems with cognition, affect, and

This protocol is designed to compare different methods for managing a patient in whom a central venous catheter has been inserted and to determine the optimal clinical life span of such catheters. The primary goal is to assess whether the incidence of infection differs when catheters are replaced only when clinically necessary compared to replacement on a regular (i.e., weekly) schedule. A second goal is to examine whether sequential replacement of catheters over guide wires results in a different incidence of infection than sequential replacement at new sites. The

In single celled eukaryotes, the pathways that monitor nutrient availability are central to regulating the meiotic program and spore development. However, how metabolic inputs influence meiotic progression and gametogenesis remains poorly understood in metazoans. Our current studies focus on understanding how metabolism influences meiotic progression and oocyte development. Target of rapamycin complex 1 (TORC1) is a master regulator of metabolism in eukaryotes that integrates information from multiple upstream signaling pathways. The GATOR1 complex inhibits T

The long-term goal of the proposed research is to clarify the molecular mechanisms underlying the detection and discrimination of chemicals through contact chemosensation in the fruit fly, Drosophila melanogaster. Contact chemosensation allows flies to distinguish sweet from bitter molecules, as well as nonvolatile pheromones. Insect gustatory organs express a diversity of candidate molecular detectors. These include gustatory receptors (GRs), TRP channels, ionotropic receptors (IRs) and odorant binding proteins (OB

The Molecular Medicine Training Program of the Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine is specifically designed to train pre-doctoral students to take scientific advances from bench to bedside. It takes advantage of four factors to create an environment particularly suited to this purpose. First, this Program is located in the Lerner Research Institute where physicians and scientists from both the Cleveland Clinic and the School of Medicine have historically worked closely together to focus cutting edge research upon the causes and treatments of human illness. Second, a novel core curriculum has

The broad goal of this research is to learn how a single epithelial cell sheet becomes patterned during embryonic development into discrete domains of different cell types. The epidermis of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, will be studied as a simple model epithelium. This epithelium becomes subdivided into three major cell subtypes during embryogenesis. Particular emphasis will be placed on the mechanisms by which one of these subtypes, the seam cells, are specified. Because the mutations studied here lead to severe defects in embryonic development

Behavioral sensitization results from repeated intermittent use of stimulant drugs, and may contribute to addiction. Prior studies investigating the influence of associative pairing of contextual stimuli with psychostimulant administration on the expression of psychomotor sensitization in rodents have shown that under certain circumstances, sensitization can be context-specific. Based on these and other findings, we proposed that three memory mechanisms regulate the context-specificity of stimulant sensitization: (1) Repeated drug administration induces sensitization of

Treatment for oral cancer can result in devastating swallowing problems. High-dose chemoradiotherapy has been utilized as primary treatment for tumors of the oral cavity and oropharynx to preserve organ function. Quality of life, however, can become significantly reduced after primary treatment with chemoradiotherapy, with significant decrements in ability to eat. Radiotherapy to the oral cavity and oropharynx can cause changes in swallowing, particularly the oral phase of the swallow, resulting in reduced ability to propel foods

Activated Akt signaling is a significant contributor to the pathogenesis of breast cancer. PTEN is a negative regulator of PI3K/Akt signaling and is decreased in breast cancer. Over 20% of breast cancers have mutations in PIK3CA, the p110alpha catalytic subunit of PI3K, with Akt-dependent and independent downstream effects. MK2206 is a selective allosteric inhibitor of Akt. In vitro and in vivo, many of the PIK3CA mutant cell lines and cell

Cell polarity is essential for development and differentiation, and it plays vital roles in fundamental processes such as cell migration, nutrient transport across epithelia, and neuronal transmission. Defects in cell polarity are often associated with serious human diseases such as cancer. Our long-term objective is to use the genetically tractable eukaryote Saccharomyces cerevisiae to elucidate the principles of cell polarization. In this proposal, we will address two important questions regarding the central role of Cdc42p, an evolutionarily conserved

The objectives of the project are to determine if some of the minor histocompatibility antigens expressed on mouse epidermal cells represent unique, tissue-specific determinants. This will be accomplished by using epidermal cells prepared by trypsinization of adult mouse tail skin as stimulators and targets of lymphocyte-mediated cytotoxicity. The genetic control of the cytotoxicity evoked by antigens expressed by epidermal cells will be characterized. In addition, clones of cytotoxic T lymphocytes generated by immunization with allogeneic epidermal cells will be maintained in continuous culture with the

The basic aim of this grant proposal is to define and validate non-invasive techniques which allow the secretion and hepatic extraction of insulin to be accurately quantitated from peripheral C-peptide and insulin concentrations in human subjects. Insulin secretion rates will be derived from peripheral C-peptide concentrations by using a two compartment mathematical model to analyze the peripheral concentrations of C-peptide. Each subject will receive an intravenous bolus injection of biosynthetic human C-peptide and model parameters will be individually derived from the resulting decay curve

This revised application is designed to continue and expand the training program in mental retardation and developmental disabilities (MRDD) at Mount Sinai School of Medicine. This program has been developed to provide a combined basic science and clinical background in the etiology, pathophysiology, prevention, and treatment of genetic diseases leading to MRDD. The training is primarily in the fields of genetics and neurobiology as related to MRDD. The specific subdisciplines include molecular and biochemical genetics, developmental neurobiology, neurogenetics,

DESCRIPTION: CNS Transporters have crucial roles on neurophysiology and etiology. Inhibition of these critical transporters can have therapeutic benefits or cause serious side effects in the CNS. Development of an assay platform and a comprehensive profile of drugs' inhibitory effects on important CNS transporters can have enormous impact on drug discovery and development, such as elucidating drugs' potential side effects in the CNS, and advancing development of new drugs to treat various CNS diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's diseases, epilepsy etc.,

[unreadable] [unreadable] This application seeks partial funding for the Gordon Research Conference (GRC) on Cardiac Regulatory Mechanisms to be held at Colby Sawyer College (Colby-Sawyer, NH) on July 16-21, 2006. This GRC has a long history of providing a format for discussion of cutting edge science by talented and productive scientists from different disciplines, all with a common interest in the topic of regulation of the normal and diseased heart. A key objective

We propose to examine responses of human high-level visual cortex to individual images and image features, using new high-resolution functional MRI (fMRI) imaging methods. Our goal is to identify data driven categories of images and image features that optimally activate sub-regions of cortex. This will reveal the functional organization of higher-level cotex on a fine scale, and inform how these regions represent objects. This in turn will provide critical constraints on theories of object recognition, and have relevance to the wider

In continuation of previously proposed experiments, The Salk Institute Alcohol Research Center will extend ongoing interdisciplinary investigations on the molecular, cellular and behavioral neurobiological mechanisms underlying the acute and chronic actions of ethanol on the brain. Short-term actions of alcohol will be evaluated in terms of alterations in neuronal discharge responses to activation of selected neural pathways, changes in neuro-endocrine regulation, and changes in subcortical electroencephalographic activity, as well as in human cortical and brain stem sensory evoked responses, and

Heart failure (HF) affects 5-6 million Americans and, despite recent pharmacological and technological advances, is increasing in epidemic proportions as the population ages. Patients with HF suffer from debilitating symptoms and a loss of quality of life. Somatic symptoms such as fatigue and sleep disturbances are common among HF patients, which are ironically associated with physical inactivity and can create a spiraling decline in physical and cardiac function and even worse quality of life. Thus, behavioral/lifestyle interventions that increase physical

HIV-1, the predominant cause of AIDS in humans, is unable to replicate in most non-human species. Therefore, the most practical animal model of AIDS consists of infection of rhesus macaques with SIVMAC or chimeras derived from SIVMAC that express the HIV-1 envelopes (SHIV). However, both of these models have specific limitations. In the case of SHIV, most chimeras developed to date use the CXCR4 co-receptor (X4

The goal of this application is to design functional biomaterials to carry antisense plasmids and antisense oligonucleotides to islet beta cell based on results from successful preliminary studies. The designed nontoxic and cationic polymeric carriers are conjugated with a targeting moiety of sulfonylurea (SU) or antiglutamic acid decarboxylase (antiGAD) antibody. These functional and biospecific biomaterials will carry the antisense GAD plasmid to islet beta cells, where they will suppress GAD antigen production and prevent

This proposal aims to determine the functional significance of synaptic processing in the deep cerebellar nuclei (DCN), which provide the only output from cerebellum. Projection neurons in the DCN are controlled by excitatory input from the brainstem and the cerebral cortex, and by inhibitory input from cerebellar cortical Purkinje cells. The Purkinje cells themselves are controlled by the same excitatory inputs that are also received as collaterals by the DCN directly. This connectivity thus allows individual DCN projection neurons to compare the

At the present time, all research in this laboratory is directly related to the persistence, pathophysiology, and detection of viruses in blood, mainly HBV and HCV, but also including some emerging infectious agents. Despite the licensure and application of sensitive serologic assays for the hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV), a few cases continue to be transmitted by blood, plasma, and products made from them. Ongoing research throughout the world has led to the development of new

We are interested in how bacteria and bacterial products shape the development of subsequent innate and adaptive immune responses with the goal of understanding how these host-microbe interactions influence pathogenesis of infections, autoimmunity, allergy, and cancer. In 2016-2017, we have continued our focus on host defense against the bacterial pathogen Staphylococcus aureus, uncovering the role of innate and adaptive immune pathways in mediating protective and detrimental responses to infection using mouse models, and characterizing these responses in human clinical studies. In addition,

Calcitriol (vitamin D or 1,25 dihydroxycholecalciferol), a central factor in bone and mineral metabolism, has significant antitumor activity in vitro and in vivo. Induction of CYP24, the enzyme primarily responsible for calcitriol catabolism, may be a factor in the anti-proliferative activity pre-clinically and clinically. In addition, the endothelial cells in tumors are sensitive to calcitriol and uniquely modulate CYP24 expression through epigenetic

This R01 application describes an Alzheimer's disease (AD) drug discovery program that is based on the discovery that a lipid oxidation product within the AD brain activates a defined neuronal receptor, with a resulting increase of amyloid beta (Ab) peptide production and accumulation. More specifically, the oxidized arachidonic acid product, isoprostane 2FaIII, binds to the thromboxane A2 (TP) receptor on neurons and causes an increase in expression of the amyloid precursor protein (APP) from

One of the most significant accomplishments was to show a strong inhibitory properties of human defensin 5 (HD5) against the papillomaviruses. These properties make HD5 a potential candidate for the topical agent in preventing the papillomavirus infection.The other accomplishment was an identification of several structural determinants of chemotaxis in molecules of human beta-defensins. In broad structural and functional studies of mutants of human beta-defensin 1, we characterized (for the first time in case of defens

The perinuclear theca (PT) is a proteinaceous shell that covers and protects the sperm nucleus. The long-term objective of this study is to elucidate the biological role during development and fertilization of proteins composing the PT of human sperm. Recent research in non-primates points to PT involvement in acrosome-nuclear docking, sperm-oolemma binding and oocyte activation. Its recognition and removal at an early stage of egg incorporation appears to be vital to the success of natural fertilization.

The goal of this project is to test a new prototype, portable carbon monoxide fractional uptake (FU(CO)) monitor concept in a clinical environment. The purpose of this monitor is to provide for the early detection of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in a population of AIDS patients. In principle, a detectable decline of FU(CO) should accompany the onset of PCP and should clearly indicate, early in the development of this major killer, that medical attention must be

An object of this study is to understand those mechanisms which are responsible for the mediation of oxygen binding to the hemoproteins, hemoglobin, myoglobin and cytochrome P-450. Our approach involves the nuclear modulation effect in EPR as a means of discerning the interaction of unpaired spin of paramagnetic hemoproteins with remote nitrogen nuclei of imidazole ligands which are believed to electronically control electron density at the heme iron. This technique will be developed to study nuclear interactions that cannot be seen using conventional EPR techniques.

The overall goal of our research program is to determine the effects of environmental estrogenic chemicals on patterns and gender specificity of DNA methylation signatures in primordial germ cells (PGCs) that pass to subsequent generations and whether changes are associated with specific phenotypic abnormalities. All PGCs undergo epigenetic reprogramming at the time of sex determination. Following global erasure of DNA methylation patterns, a de novo methylation starts allowing a controlled gene expression pattern in germ cells in a gender specific manner. This window of germ cell reprogramming has

Our studies of the ubiquitin-ligase E3, called gp78, are being conducted in collaboration with Drs. Allan Weissman and Xinhua Ji, CCR. The gp78 protein has a role in sarcoma metastasis, and it is an excellent target for a combined structural and molecular biological investigation of mechanism and intervention. We have reported our first major findings from this project, which was an interdisciplinary effort involving molecular biology in the Weissman lab, NMR structural biology and biophysics in the By

Elevation in systolic blood pressure (SBP) is the leading risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.1 Accordingly, prevention of the progression from prehypertension to sustained arterial hypertension is of critical importance.2 Microvascular rarefaction (reduced number of arterioles and capillaries) is considered one of the earliest forms of target organ damage (TOD) in hypertension, and may contribute to the development of chronic, sustained blood pressure elevation.3 4 Indeed, data from our laboratory demonstrate that

Surface antigens of human glial brain tumor cells and VM murine spontaneous anaplastic astrocytoma cells were investigated by binding (indirect membrane immunofluorescence) and complement-dependent cytotoxic antibody (14C-nicotinamide release and dye-exclusion) assays. Antisera from nonhuman primates immunized with glioblastoma multiforme tissue or cells from permanent human glial brain tumor cell lines have been extensively absorbed to analyze which human glioma cell surface antigens may be species-, tissue-, or glial tumor-specific;

One of the earliest histopathological signs of age-related hearing (loss (presbycusis) is the loss of the outer hair cells (OHC) in the cochlea. The vulnerability of the OHCs to the effects of age suggests that distortion product otacoustic emissions (DPOAE), which are believed to be associated with the OHC function, should serve as a useful tool for the assessment of the effects of age on the cochlea. The sensitivity of a DPOAE test of

The main objectives of this project are to determine whether the cancerous lesions produced by prenatal DES injections are caused by the chemical form of DES itself or one of its metabolic products; to determine whether DES is metabolized to biologically and hormonally inactive metabolites; to test the hypothesis that certain chemicals are "transplacental toxicants" due to their relative binding to plasma/receptor proteins; to investigate some of the biochemical mechanisms which contribute to results of prenatal exposure of hormonally active environmental chemicals in the

A variety of cancer sites and exposures have been explored, with many investigations involving multi-disciplinary approaches to understanding biologic mechanisms of carcinogenesis. Of particular interest has been the relationship of exogenous hormones (menopausal estrogens and oral contraceptives) to risk of both breast and endometrial cancers, with several recent investigations focusing on the effects of the increasingly prescribed estrogen-progestin therapy. In addition, studies have addressed reasons for varying geographic breast cancer rates, including occupational and environmental agents. Taking advantage of recent improvements

Although the mechanisms involved in dentinogenesis are unknown, it is clear that a unique set of extracellular matrix (ECM) proteins participates in the formation of predentin and its subsequent mineralization to form dentin. Mature odontoblasts secrete collagen at the cell border and non-collagenous proteins (NCPs) at the mineralization front (possibly through odontoblastic processes). Here NCPs form complexes with collagen. Carbonate apatite crystals are formed and this site-specific

DESCRIPTION: The long term goal of this study is to understand how mammalian CNS neurons and glia are generated. The murine cerebral cortex contains a large number of restricted neuronal progenitor cells at very early stages of embryogenesis. The remaining cells are multi-potent stem cells that are capable of generating both neurons and glia. An small number at early stages are restricted glial progenitors. Despite their relative rarity, cortical stem cells appear to be a major source of neurons and the major source of glia at

This training grant from the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy (CAGT) / Baylor College of Medicine provides a comprehensive training program for both predoctoral students and postdoctoral fellows with career research interests in cell and gene therapy - either its fundamental or clinical aspects, or both. The rationale is that a stimulating program of education and laboratory training from high quality mentors will attract promising candidates, including under-represented minorities, to this emerging field and increase the likelihood of their pursuing careers as members of

Insulin regulates the activity and/or amount of over 40 different proteins. In some cases activity is modified by covalent modification of an existing amount of protein. In other cases insulin affects the rate of synthesis of specific proteins. Until recently little was known about this process. Fror the past four years we have been investigating how insulin decreases the rate of synthesis of phosphoenolypyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK), the rate-limiting enzyme in gluconeogenesis. We have found that

DESCRIPTION Abstract: This proposal is to pursue a highly innovative general theory that integrates evolution, developmental biology, epigenetics, and disease. Epigenetics is the study of information heritable during cell division other than the DNA sequence, and it underlies normal development and is important in cancer and possibly other common disease. I have been involved in this field since my discovery of altered DNA methylation in cancer in 1983. Since that time, I and others have grappled with how to incorporate epigenetics into evolutionary

It is proposed to study specific biochemical steps in the transformation of cholesterol to chenodeoxycholic acid in experimental animals (rat, guinea pig, rabbit) in vivo, in the isolated perfused liver and in subcellular fractions of liver homogenates. Emphasis will be placed on the mechanism of degradation of the cholesterol side chain, i.e. the sites and sequences of various hydroxylation reactions and loss of the terminal isopropyl group. It is further proposed to study the biological properties of the naturally

Type I lissencephaly is a severe brain developmental disease which involves defects in neural progenitor cell migration during the formation of the cerebral cortex. It is caused by LIS1 haploinsufficiency, resulting from sporadic mutations in the LIS1 gene. LIS1 has been implicated in the platelet activating factor and cytoplasmic dynein pathways, but current evidence suggests that defects in the latter are responsible for the brain developmental disease. Work from this lab has indicated that LIS1 functions together

The research proposal, "Transitions in Emerging Adulthood among Minority Youth," is designed to enhance the applicant's academic career opportunities in the field of Human Development by identifying three broad objectives: 1) Develop proficiency in qualitative data analysis and mixed-methods techniques; 2) Advance conceptual knowledge related to the transition from adolescence to early adulthood for minority youth; and 3) Build a record of publications. These objectives will be fulfilled through work on an ongoing longitudinal ethnographic investigation focusing on family,

Project Summary Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) is a severe disease affecting approximately 1 in 3500 boys, causing profound muscle weakness and degeneration over time. The average life expectancy is 26 years of age and death is typically a result of either cardiomyopathy or respiratory infection. Very limited therapeutic options exist for the treatment of these children. DMD is caused by mutations in the gene encoding the dystrophin protein. One promising approach to treatment involves exon skipping, a process in which an antisense oligonucleotide induces

Hospitals are now increasingly admitting large numbers of elderly patients, a subset of which are at risk of nursing home entrance. Clinicians are often now able to identify correctly those patients who will need admission to a nursing home. This delay in identification can cause inappropriate or inadequate discharge planning to occur. The purpose of this study is to investigate the potential for improving hospital discharge planning for the elderly through the application of event history analysis methods to acute hospital stays. Delays in discharge planning may result in increased time

The primary objective of the proposed study is to evaluate the marginal effects of introducing two levels of environmental interventions directed at reducing overweight and obesity in the workplace, on top of existing individualized interventions, on five sets of outcomes: a. body mass index and other weight-related biometric measures; b) behavioral health risk factors; c) weight-related health conditions; d) health care utilization and medical expenditures; and e. employee productivity measured in terms of reduced absenteeism and on-the job present

Toxoplasma gondii infections cause suffering and mortality in those congenitally infected or immune compromised. Easily genetically manipulated and disseminated in nature, this parasite is considered a category B bioterrorism pathogen. Improved, new antimicrobials are greatly needed to treat this infection. Type 2 fatty acid biosynthesis (fas), structurally different from mammalian type 2 fas, is a validated target essential for Toxoplasma gondii growth in vitro and survival of the parasite in mice. En

The current study proposes to use a randomized controlled design to test the feasibility and impact of aerobic physical activity for children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity (ADHD) and Disruptive Behavior Disorders (DBD) living in an urban poor community. Epidemiological studies estimate the community prevalence of ADHD to be between 8 and 23%, and DBD to be between 5% and 9%. The disorders are highly comorbid and rates are reported to be nearly three times higher among African American and urban poor communities where

The mechanism of general anesthesia is unknown, despite over 100 years of clinical use. An understanding of the molecular basis of anesthetic action is necessary to provide better insight into the selection, design, and administration of general anesthetics. Even the site of anesthetic action is unclear, partly because a wide range of chemical compounds induce anesthesia, including rare gas atoms, alcohols, and steroids. However, it is known that anesthetic potency correlates with lipophilicity. Because of this correlation, an early theory of anesthetic interaction

The goal of this research is to integrate genetic and life course models of criminal and otherwise antisocial behaviors from adolescence to young adulthood, and to test the resulting hypotheses with traditional and innovative statistical models and a large nationally representative sample. To date, very little research has examined the interplay between specific genes and social context in the emergence and maintenance of antisocial behaviors, despite growing appreciation that these factors operate in concert. Data come from four waves of the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health spanning ages 12

The mechanism of oncogenic activation of the newly discovered erbB-2 growth factor receptor-like gene is being studied. A wide variety of human tumors contain an amplified and/or overexpressed erbB-2 gene. To study the role of overexpression of this gene in the initiation of oncogene transformation in a controlled in vitro model system, we engineered eukaryotic expression vectors to direct the synthesis of erbB-2 mRNA either under the control of a strong promoter (LTR) or of a

This Phase I application offers a novel approach to the development of a recombinant immunotoxin consisting of a tumor antigen (EGP-2)-specific single chain antibody fused to the enzyme glucose-oxidase (GO). The goal of this proposal is to achieve high level expression of this immunotoxin in the yeast, saccharomyces cervisiae, and to determine the feasibility of its use as an anticancer agent. Preliminary evidence indicates that this GO-based immunotoxin exhibits specific binding to the EGP-2

CD45 is a transmembrane receptor-type protein tyrosine phosphatase (PTP) that is highly expressed on virtually all cells of the hematopoietic lineage. Expression of CD45 is essential for antigen activation as well as for the differentiation of T and B lymphocytes. A key advantage to the study of CD45 is that the outcome of experiments modifying CD45 can be measured with a relevant functional assay - i.e., antigen activation. The investigator has recently reported the use of novel methods to identify the in vivo, naturally

Small molecule/nucleic acid interactions play sophisticated regulatory roles in cellular functions. Aberrant interactions have been implicated in diseases, and nucleic acids are targets of small molecule therapeutics. Spermine, a polyamine, binds specifically to RNA tertiary structures to regulate cell growth and protein expression. Polyamines levels are elevated in neoplastic cells and polyamine biosynthesis is a target of chemotherapeutic agents, but how polyamines function is largely unknown. Pentamidine, an FDA approved drug for treating fungal and protozoan

Advances in molecular simulation methods and hardware have finally made possible the simulation of biomolecules on physiological timescales. Such simulations provide an important tool to aid the molecular understanding of disease. However, fully integrating these new tools into medical research requires that simulation software becomes easier to use, easier to develop for, and more hardened, reliable and robust. Making these capabilities accessible and reliable in the hands of a broad scientific community will require transformative gains in reliability, interoperability, flexibility, and ease of

This application requests partial support for the 1988 FASEB Summer Research Conference on Retinoids. This conference is scheduled to be held June 19-24, 1988, at Vermont Academy in Saxtons River, VT. The 1988 conference will represent the fourth biennial FASEB conference on this topic. The three previous conferences, held in June 1982, 1984, 1986, were all highly successful, as evidenced by large attendance, active participation by attendees, and a strong sense of scientific stimulation and advance

In addition to pervasive sadness, specific aspects of behavior and cognition are impaired in mood disorders, including selective attention, set-shifting and memory. In addition, depressed individuals exhibit a mood congruent processing bias whereby they more readily process negatively toned information as compared to positively toned information. This cognitive pattern lends itself to evaluation with functional brain imaging, both in terms of identifying the anatomical correlates of the specific behavioral and cognitive differences as well as characterizing the effects of pharmacological manipulation. Attention and memory

This is an application for support of a conference entitled Making and breaking the left-right axis: Laterality in development and disease to be held June 15-16, 2013 in Cancun, Mexico, just prior to the joint Society for Developmental Biology 72nd Annual Meeting and the 17th International Congress of Developmental Biology. The objective of this satellite symposium is to bring together researchers working on invertebrate and vertebrate models for an up-to-date presentation of the latest results on the

This protocol is a phase II trial with primary goals to examine the efficacy and toxicity of DTIC in the treatment of patients with recurrent glioma and to describe the pharmacokinetics of DTIC, MTIC, and hydroxymethyl MTIC in Mayo Clinic patients treated on this study. The protocol has accrued a total of 39 patients (13 from Mayo) and is temporarily closed because it met its original accrual objectives. An abstract describing the complete pharmacokinetic data was presented at the American Association of Cancer Research in 1998

The association between Bcl-2 and cancer has been known for 20 years. But the biochemical mechanisms to explain why Bcl-2, found at translocation breakpoints in follicular lymphomas, why elevated Bcl-xL expression in many tumor types, and why herpesviruses that encode Bcl-2 homologues cause cancer, remains unknown. The field has focused considerable effort to understand the complex interactions between anti-death (Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL) and pro-death (Bax and Bak

Ledge Light Health District serves as the local health department for eight municipalities in southeastern Connecticut and has primary responsibility for regulation of retail food establishments in the jurisdiction. Ledge Light Health District in enrolled in the Voluntary National Retail Food Regulatory Program Standards and completed a self-assessment in 2014. The project proposed in this application - improving conformance with the Retail Program Standards through technology, will enable Ledge Light Health District to achieve greater conformance with the Voluntary National Retail Food Regulatory Program

The long term objective is to determine the molecular alterations that produce ultrastructural and fertilization related functional changes in egg envelopes. Structural changes in the glycoproteins composing the egg envelope will be correlated with functional changes in sperm binding, induction of the sperm acrosome reaction, and sperm penetration of the envelope. The animal being used is the frog Xenopus laevis. Specific aims include structure-function studies of the coelomic to vitelline envelope conversion which takes place in the pars recta

Pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (PanNETs) are increasing in incidence, and 40-95% of them are metastatic at the time of initial diagnosis. Despite various complex management strategies for neuroendocrine liver metastases, surgery is the only treatment that offers potential for cure. There is a critical need to develop new therapeutic options to reduce PanNETs progression. We have discovered that PanNETs are deficient in Notch signaling, and reinstitution of this pathway alters the malignant phenotype. Therefore,

Longitudinal cohort study of school-aged children to define the epidemiology of group A streptococcal pharyngitis. Students in grades K - 8 will be enrolled and throat cultures obtained twice monthly and with each respiratory illness for four years. GAS isolates will be typed by FIGE to determine relatedness and to define infection, carriage, and recurrences. Samples of saliva will be collected for antibody assays and for use in GAS adherence inhibition assays. Four aims (1) to define the epidemiology of G

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT SUMMARY/ABSTRACT The achievement of health equity is a formidable task which cannot be obtained without the development of a robust enhancing the recruitment and retention of study participants, disseminating research findings to a broader audience, with the ultimate goal of mitigating health disparities in Puerto Rico. To achieve CEC?s main goal, the following key activities will be conducted: (1) Assess current community-academic partnerships involved at various stages of the translational research spectrum, from

(Adapted from the application) Alzheimer's disease (AD) is defined by the presence in the brain of a fibrous protein aggregate known as amyloid plaque. Evidence from genetic, pathological, and biochemical studies suggests that amyloid fibril formation may cause neurodegeneration. Inhibition of amyloid formation is therefore a viable strategy for the design of potential AD therapeutic molecules; many industrial programs based on the idea are underway. In order to follow such a strategy, it is necessary to understand the structure of amyloid fibrils and

Between 1.6 and 3.8 million people each year suffer a mild TBI in the US alone. Reliable diagnosis and prompt treatments are vital to managing the often-serious short and long-term sequelae resulting from mild TBI. However, a reliable objective and accurate method for mild TBI diagnosis outside of a hospital setting, and in particular for determining RTP readiness, has eluded the clinical community. Current diagnosis and RTP assessments are based on patient symptoms, neurocognitive evaluations, and /

Accurate transmission of the genetic information requires complete duplication of the chromosomal DNA each cell division cycle. However, the idea that replication forks would form at origins of DNA replication and proceed without impairment to copy the chromosomes in the cell is too simple. The orderly progression of replication forks is challenged by encounters with template damage, slow moving and arrested RNA polymerases, and frozen DNA-protein complexes that stall the fork. Stalled forks are foci for genomic instability that causes genetic alterations and can give rise

The goal of this proposal is to investigate the mechanisms of very long chain fatty acid (VLCFA; >C22:0) induced neuroinflammatory demyelinating disease and to evaluate the efficacy of interventions of these signaling pathways as possible therapeutics for X-Adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD). X-ALD, the most common inherited peroxisomal disorder, is caused by pathognomonic accumulation of VLCFA as a result of peroxisomal dysfunction leading to

DESCRIPTION (Applicant's Description): This program is designed to establish the applicant as an independent investigator of biomarker research in bronchial carcinogenesis, and in early detection and chemoprevention of cancers of the upper aerodigestive tract. The applicant has previous research experience in molecular and cellular pharmacology and has recently become an established medical oncologist specializing in the treatment of lung cancer. The sponsor is an accomplished pulmonary physiologist and molecular biologist in the field of development and differentiation of bronchial

The growth and proliferation of normal murine peritoneal exudate macrophages (PEM) in vitro is strictly dependent on a macrophage-specific growth factor known as colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1). By contrast, transformed macrophage tumor cell lines do not require exogenous CSF-1 for growth in culture. Recent studies show that tyrosine phosphorylation of certain membrane-bound proteins may be involved in the control of cell proliferation induced by specific growth factors. In addition, several oncogene products have been shown to be structurally

cGI PDEs are important in the regulation of myocardial contractility, vascular tonus, platelet aggregation and antilipolytic action of insulin. Four cGI PDEs have been recently cloned from human adipose tissue (HcGIP1), human heart (HcGIP2) and rat adipose tissue (RcGIP1 and P2). At the present time little is known concerning the types of cGI PDEs in tumor cells. In three human hepatoma cell lines (Hep

Information processing by the skin senses (tactile systems) may be utilized when the effectiveness of a conventional channel is limited, as in high noise environments, or when existing channels are overtaxed, as in jet and space control systems. A humane and also practical aspect of the research is its applicability in compensating for sensory losses of the blind and deaf. Before these needs may be satisfied, sizeable gaps must be filled in our knowledge of the basic functioning of the cutaneous sensory systems. The

The major objective of my laboratory is to identify host factors that contribute to infectious and other complex diseases. The tremendous impact of infectious diseases on global health, and the association of many human pathogens with common cancers, call for multiple research strategies to elucidate the mechanisms of infection and pathogenesis. Our strategy is to search for genetic variants that differentially affect rates of infection, or the course of pathogenesis, and which thereby identify the gene containing the variant as participating in the process of infection or pathogenesis, increasing knowledge of the mechanisms

The general hypothesis of this grant proposal is that intestinal subepithelial myofibroblasts (ISEMF) are the source of soluble factors that modulate epithelial growth, differentiation, and repair and play a pivotal role in mucosal immunophysiology and cancer. Located at the interface between the epithelium and lamina propria, ISEMF modulate information transfer between these tissue compartments. Through elaboration of basement membrane components, prostaglandins (PGs). and growth factors, ISEMF modulate processes of epithelial cell

Activation of the innate immune system upon pathogen recognition results in a rapid and definitive microbicidal response to invading microorganisms that is fine-tuned to prevent deleterious deficiencies or excesses in the response. Increasing evidence indicates that immune responses are rapidly coordinated by neural circuits that operate reflexively. However, given the complexity of the nervous and immune systems of mammals, the precise mechanisms by which the two systems influence each other remain understudied. This proposal describes experiments designed to elucidate the mechanism by which the nervous

The goal of the proposed research is to understand how adhesion regulates cell proliferation. The focus will be on the Abl tyrosine kinase as a transducer of the growth regulatory signal. The ubiquitous c-Abl is localized in the cytoplasm and the nucleus. The nuclear c-abl binds DNA and regulates transcription. The cytoplasmic c-abl interacts with both G and F-actin. Recently, a collaboration between two units of this program has demonstrated that the kinase activity and the subcellular localization of c-Abl is

Worldwide, cancer is a leading cause of death and the most common killer of adult Americans. For the individual, the diagnosis is accompanied by extreme stress. Multiple randomized clinical trials (RCTs) of psychological interventions have shown efficacy in reducing stress for the "typical" patient-newly diagnosed with local or regional disease. Unfortunately, only two (N=2) RCTs have focused upon the patient with recurrent disease, leaving this patient group adrift in the sea of previous and present day

The anthrax lethal factor (LF) is known to be pathogenically important, since anthrax bacilli lacking the LF gene show diminished virulence. Only a single cellular target for LF is known: the host macrophage, which undergoes apoptosis as a result of LF internalization. The killing of macrophages is also believed to be pathogenically important, because macrophage depletion paradoxically protects animals against B. anthracis infection. But the mechanism by which LF kills host macrophages has remained unclear. The events set in motion

Social stress can lead to drug craving and relapse in cocaine-dependent (CD) individuals. In addition, CD individuals often favor drug use over social interactions. Moreover, social avoidance and lack of trust are significant obstacles to effective treatment. Currently, there are no FDA approved medications for the treatment of cocaine dependence and behavioral interventions have had limited success in sustaining abstinence. Data from human neuroimaging studies using blood oxygen level dependent (BOLD) functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) suggest that top-down

The prevalence, morbidity and mortality of asthma have increased dramatically over the last two decades despite concomitant advances in the understanding of the physiology of asthma and improved treatment modalities. These increases come at great cost in terms of health care dollars spent, school absences, psychosocial adjustment problems and limitations on activities. Experts agree on the importance of asthma education, and asthma education programs are available. However, the lack of trained personnel, time, and funds for such programs remain obstacles to widespread dissemination of asthma education. In

The general objective of this revised Program Project application is to define mechanisms whereby men are at greater risk for coronary artery disease than women. Two of the original projects (I and III) have been withdrawn. Individual projects address the following areas: (II) sex differences and steroid effects in responses to experimental acute myocardial ischemia; (IV) effects of gonadal hormones on the development of coronary atherosclerosis in experimental cardiac transplantation, (V) predictive value of urinary thromboxane metabolites in myocardial infarction in men and women

The long term objective of this research is to understand the mechanism and pathways by which eukaryotic cells identify and eliminate defective RNA molecules as a way to ensure accuracy in gene expression. Alternative pre-mRNA processing is a fundamental means through which the complexity of the human proteome is enriched. However, pre-mRNA processing steps can be error prone due to reaction speed and the subtlety of processing signals. To handle these errors, cells have evolved multiple RNA quality control systems that minimize the expression of defective RNAs

The mission of the Michigan Cancer Research Consortium (MCRC) is to improve the oncologic health of the communities served by assuring patient access to and participation in state-of-the-art clinical trials and cancer prevention and control activities while contributing to knowledge development in the field of oncology care. The MCRC represents a proven resource with significant potential to serve the objectives of the National Cancer Institute's CCOP program. First funded in 1994 as a single component CCOP, it is now comprised of

Injury to the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) is functionally disabling to an active individual, placing the knee at risk for additional injury. There is, however, little known about the best means of rehabilitating a patient who suffers an ACL disruption and undergoes an ACL reconstruction. Some conservative rehabilitation programs include activities that are designed to produce low strains across the ACL graft, while other, more aggressive programs are aimed at rapid rehabilitation and are thought to produce greater strain magnitudes on the graft. The object

The p21-activated protein kinase gamma-PAK is activated under conditions of hyperosmotic stress, by low levels of ionizing radiation, by DNA-damaging drugs, and by sphingosine. In addition, gamma-PAK is constitutively activated in early apoptosis via cleavage into two fragments by caspase 3 (CPP32). Gamma-PAK appears to function through phosphorylation of a number of different substrates. Gamma-PAK induces cytostasis as shown by injection of active gamma

This proposal requests partial support for the 15th Annual Summer Institute on Addictions, an annual conference sponsored by McDermott Center (dba Haymarket Center), to be held in Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois June 9-11, 2009. The broad and long-range goal of the project is to improve the quality of substance abuse treatment by helping to bridge the gap between NIDA funded research and practice of community based substance abuse treatment through knowledge dissemination of evidence-based practices. The specific aim of

In this new proposal, we investigate our findings defining novel growth factor combinations and signaling pathways that control EC tubulogenesis and EC-pericyte tube co-assembly, which are necessary to create capillary networks, which critically support tissue perfusion, development and functional maintenance. Capillaries consist of two major cell types, ECs and pericytes, which co-assemble to form polarized EC-lined tubes with abluminally positioned pericytes and an intervening basement membrane matrix. The Davis lab has

This application is for renewal of a postdoctoral training grant that is focused primarily on sleep/circadian biology and sleep disorders, in particular sleep-disordered respiration. Sleep disorders are increasingly recognized as common disorders that have a significant morbidity and even mortality. Sleep apnea results in excessive daytime sleepiness and an increased risk of vehicular crashes; it is also associated with an increased risk of hypertension, stroke and myocardial infarction. Although sleep disorders are very common, there is limited knowledge about the basic mechanism of

The VRC has produced the anti-HIV bnAbs VRC01, VRC01LS, VRC07-523LS, N6LS, and 10E8VLS and has several other bnAbs in development, while initiating multiple Phase I clinical trials. VRC01 is currently in a Phase II clinical trial (the Antibody-Mediated Prevention (AMP) Trial (http://www.hvtn.org/en/science/HVTN- studies/AMP

Understanding brain function in healthy and diseased brains requires an understanding of the biochemistry occurring within the neurons and supporting cells making up the brain. It is well known that individual cells in the brain have distinct signaling molecule complements and protein complement, but the effects on the cellular metabolome are much less well understood. What is the cell to cell variation of the cellular metabolome in the mammalian CNS? For most metabolites, the answer is unknown. Using invertebrate models, large differences in the metabolome

The environment contains far more information than the brain can process at once. To cope with such information overload, humans need to selectively attend to relevant information and prioritize its processing. In many situations, humans need to select arbitrary features and objects in the scene and maintain attention on the selected information. It is often assumed that an attentional priority signal encodes the current focus of attention and its deployment. However, how the brain computes and maintains attentional priority for features and objects is not known. The long-

Apoptotic cell death induced by chemotherapeutics and other cell-damaging agents typically involves release of cytochrome c from the mitochondrial intermembrane space to the cytoplasm, where it induces the oligomerization of Apaf-1 to form the "apoptosome" and activate procaspase 9. Active caspase 9 then activates the executioner caspases 3 and 7 to dismantle the doomed cell. Impaired function or formation of the apoptosome is a hallmark of many cancers, including ovarian cancers, melanoma

Project Summary/Abstract Approximately 4.5 million offenders under community supervision in the U.S. have considerably high rates of substance use and are at increased risk for HIV/HBV/HCV infection after release back to the community. Epidemiological studies of substance use provide information about patterns of use based on drug type; however, there is limited evidence regarding opioid use and decision-making and help-seeking intentions, particularly for related healthcare services (e.g., HIV testing).The proposed administrative supplement

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. Primary support for the subproject and the subproject's principal investigator may have been provided by other sources, including other NIH sources. The Total Cost listed for the subproject likely represents the estimated amount of Center infrastructure utilized by the subproject, not direct funding provided by the NCRR grant to the subproject or subproject staff. This core module uses long-standing

DESCRIPTION [unreadable] The HST Program resides in the Dept. of Environmental Health Sciences at UCLA's School of Public Health and is under the direction of Dr. Wendie Robbins, Acting Continuing Education Director. It represents a continuing education program offering hazardous materials training within its Region IX target area in response to the title III of CERCLA and the SARA amendments. Courses are offered to meet 8-hour, 24-hours and 40 hours requirements of HAZWOPER (in

This joint proposal in response to TW-03-007, Brain Disorders in the Developing World: Research Across the Lifespan, describes a 2 year needs assessment, research infrastructure development, clinical education and research training plan that seeks to establish a sustainable research collaboration between the Instituto Nacional de Ciencias Medicas y Nutricion in Mexico City and the University of Pennsylvania's Alzheimer's Disease Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The long-term goal of this proposal is to establish the structural framework and

The goals of these studies are to better understand the mechanism and regulation of the synthesis and degradation of the nonessential amino acid proline. The strategy primarily involves delineation of naturally occuring and laboratory induced genetic defects in proline metabolism. By characterizing these mutant cell lines, we hope to learn more about both abnormal and normal proline metabolism. Mutant lines currently under investigation include two selected for resistance to the proline analogue azetidine carboxyl acid as well as several human lines lacking ornithine

This study will evaluate the effects of certain genes (MDR-1, CYP3A4, and CYP3A5) on metabolism of the drug sirolimus, an immune-suppressing drug given to transplant recipients to prevent organ rejection. Individual differences in metabolism and excretion of sirolimus affect the patient's response to treatment. Patients who have undergone kidney transplantation at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK) Transplant Branch and have received si

Transgenic mice carrying the human T-cell lymphotopic virus (HTLV)-I-tax gene develop several abnormalities, including the appearance of neurofibromas and an exocrinopathy which shares some similarity to human Sjoegren's syndrome. The HTLV-I-tax transgenic mice manifest a marked lymphadenopathy and marked elevation of serum immunoglobulin levels which is reminiscent of the progressive lymphoproliferative disorders which are seen in patient's with human Sjoegren's syndrome

Studies from our laboratory and others have shown that relatively minor aversive events such as academic examinations can have a significant impact on cellular immunity. Although it is generally presumed that the immune system is the central mediating link between stressful events and an increased incidence of infectious disease, very few studies have simultaneously shown a relationship between psychological distress, altered immunity, and health changes. We have shown that the medical student model using exam- ination stress is a reliable model psychological measuring changes, particularly in the cellular immune response

Aflatoxins (AFs) are among the most carcinogenic and teratogenic secondary metabolites (SMs) produced by the human pathogen Aspergillus flavus and A. parasiticus. These ubiquitous fungi infect our food products and crops and produce AFs which, upon ingestion, form AF/DNA adducts, impair immunity and cause liver cancer. Since it is impossible to eliminate the AF-producing fungi from nature, there is a great need to address the problem of AF contamination. The

This application requests renewal for years 29-33 of the NCI Cancer Center Support Grant (CCSG) for the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute (KCI) at Wayne State University. The Programs of KCI reflect the cancer needs of the greater Metropolitan Detroit area. This is an industrialized, urban and ethnically diverse community with a disproportionate number of medically disadvantaged, low socio-economic citizens. KCI has a long-standing and extensive commitment to both research and clinical services that address

Plasma GIP concentrations in nondiabetic and diabetic subjects have been used as an index of secretion of GIP by a variety of investigators. For the interpretation of changes in hormone concentration relative to changes in hormone secretion clearance rates must be known. As a continuation of our efforts to delineate GIP physiology and pathophysiology we will examine GIP clearance rates in lean and obese nondiabetic and diabetic subjects. We will test the hypothesis that GIP clearance differs among these conditions. In addition, clearance rates

An area of extreme importance to scientists interested in cardiovascular physiology is that of uteroplacental blood flow. For example, uterine blood flow is compromised in the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and in seemingly health gravidas who develop intrauterine growth retardation. Thus it is surprising that research in the field is sporadic, scientists in the field rarely communicate, and there has been no major American conference dedicated solely to this field in a decade. This is a request for endorsement and financial support of an International Symposium on

This renewal application is in response to RFA HD-04-014. The University of Rochester has had a WRHR Scholars Center for the past five years. The current Rochester WRHR Center has had four Scholars; all Scholars were selected because of their potential but had limited research experience. Three Scholars obtained NIH grants as Pis, while the new Scholar (Dec 2003) has begun her research program. Significant and continuing investment in faculty recruitment and research facilities in the Department makes this an opportune setting for

The goals of this project for the next fiscal year are: (1) To advance significantly in the study of soluble antigens associated with MTV to determine the incidence, diagnostic value and immunologic implications for solid tumors; (2) To continue the study of the relationship of naturally occurring antibodies to the host susceptibility, incidence of these antibodies and immunogenetic influence on tumor incidence; (3) To identify one or more tumor or viral specific antigens from human breast tumors; and (4) To study the question of

Studying protein-protein interactions is crucial to gaining a better understanding of processes such as metabolic control, signal transduction, and gene regulation. Many biologically important interactions occur in weak, transient complexes that are not amenable to direct experimental analysis, even if both interacting proteins can be isolated and their structures determined. Thus it is important to develop computational docking methods that, starting from the structures of component proteins, can determine the structure of their complexes with accuracy close to that obtained by X-ray crystallography. Our mult

Most current purification methodologies are very expensive due to the requirement for multiple steps and empirical development. In principle, immuno-affinity chromatography (IAC) should provide a very attractive alternative as it affords remarkable enrichment in a single step and is easily adapted to any target compound. Unfortunately however, IAC has seen rather restricted use due to difficulty eluting captured ligand without inactivating the antibody and/or product. Generally a large number of candidate antibodies must be screened to find one that releases the antigen under

The Flavin-Containing Monooxygenase (FMO) is arguably the most important understudied mammalian enzyme known today. FMO is a major component of the defenses that protect humans against potentially toxic chemicals in their environment, including xenobiotics, drugs and pesticides. A compound containing a tertiary amine or a nucleophilic sulfur nucleus is efficiently N- or S-oxygenated by FMO and converted to a form more readily excreted. Even though FMO is present in high levels in

Angiogenesis, the growth of new blood vessels from pre-existing vessels, contributes significantly to cancer progression and metastasis, as the angiogenic switch represents a fundamental step in the progression of a solid tumor to a faster growing and more malignant state. Unlike normal vessels, tumor-associated blood vessels are notoriously leaky and tortuous, contributing to their poor function. Accordingly, recent attempts to normalize tumor blood vessels have proven successful as a means for improved delivery of anti-cancer agents. We hypothesize,

The specific aim is to assess the feasibility of immunization against periodontitis using a vaccine against Porphyromonas gingivalis. Three immunization studies have been conducted. In Study 1, 10 control and 10 experimental animals were immunized using the whole-cell vaccine; the results suggest that immunization is safe and effective. Study 2 was a replication of Study 1, this time using 14 control and 14 immunized animals. In Study 3 a purified porphypain-2 vaccine was used in five animals.

The purpose of this proposal is to expand the research support capabilities of the Howard University Laboratory of Molecular Computations. This laboratory is listed on the world wide web site at: www. l .mc.med.howard. edu. It was established to develop a research program in molecular modeling, molecular dynamics and drug design. By expanding its resources, the laboratory can provide increases in the quantity and the quality of the research support that is required for Howard University to develop a state-of-the

The broad, long-term objective of this research is to understand the mechanisms regulating the differentiation and function of type II alveolar epithelial cells in lung. The immediate objectives are to determine the structure and function of a protein (p146) expressed on the plasma membrane of selected epithelial cells, and to determine the factors which regulate its expression during lung development. The p146 protein was unrecognized until identified by a monoclonal antibody, and its physiological function is unknown. Preliminary data suggest that the p146 protein represents a

Alpha (2->8) polysialic acid (PSA) forms the capsular polysaccharide (CPS) of group B Neisseria meningitidis(GBNM), Escherichia coli K1 (ECK1) and a part of E. coli K92 CPS. PSA is a poorly immunogenic, T- independent, conformationally complex and is associated with pathogenesis and protection in GBNM and ECK1 infections. Its poor immunogenicity is attributed mainly to the presence of

Columbia University Medical Center's (CUMC) CTSA and Irving Institute for Clinical and Translational Research (IICTR), using the expertise and commitment of faculty in 10 Key Resources have made outstanding progress toward the goal of transforming the culture of ciinicai and translational (C/T) research at CUMC. Examples include: novel projects using interdisciplinary approaches;a novel, 2-phase interdisciplinary pilot award program that has already captured several NIH grants;a Website for all service

Recent epidemiological studies have indicated that phobic and anxiety disorders are some of the most prevalent psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents with prevalence rates ranging from 8 to 18%. There also now exists considerable evidence from both retrospective and prospective studies that anxiety disorders in children do not dissipate over time but are generally chronic. The childhood anxiety disorders treatment literature now contains a number of well-conceived and well-executed randomized controlled clinical trials that provide strong evidence for the efficacy of exposure-based psychosocial interventions using cognitive and

Congenital cataracts, clinically defined as the presence of cataracts at birth, are the result of mutations in genes that are required for proper lens development. The primary objective of this proposal is to identify the gene defective in the human X-linked cataract dental (XLCD) syndrome, a type of congenital cataract associated with microcornea and dental anomalies. Based on phenotype and location on the X chromosome, the Xcat mouse is the best animal model for human XLCD. We have positionally

The human imunodeficiency virus (HIV) is a member of the lentivirus subfamily, a taxonomic group of nononcogenic retroviruses that persistently infect cells of the host immune system. These are enveloped viruses that have a highly glycosylated envelope glycoprotein (env gp) that stimulates strong immune responses in the infected host. However, immune responses elicited during natural infection fail to control virus replication resulting in a persistent infection that eventually leads to chronic multisystemic disease and death.

Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is the most common acute leukemia affecting adults, and its incidence increases with age. The minority of patients are cured by current therapy and the majority relapse within 5 years despite continuous treatment. Cancer stem cells (CSCs), which have the capacity for indefinite self-renewal, may be essential for tumor initiation and relapse. New targets are needed to efficiently inhibit CSC activity. Most recently, we identified the immune inhibitory receptors, human leukocyte immunoglobulin (Ig)-like receptor B

The purpose of the proposed investigation is twofold. First, we wish to challenge the validity of the evidence in several recent scanning electron microscope (SEM) studies which have suggested that odontoblastic processes extend thouhgout the coronal dentine in human teeth. Although we do feel that the extent of the odontoblastic processes is greater than shown by previous transmission electron microscope (TEM) studies, we believe that the tubular structures observed in these SEM studies represent the inner hypomineralized sheath of the per

The purpose of this proposal is to provide administrative support to plan and develop a Digestive Disease Core Center whose focus will be on Hepatobiliary Function and Disease. This planning effort will include support of a full-time administrative assistant whose function will be to coordinate planning meetings, organize an administrative Core, and collate, edit and assist in preparation of a Core Center application. The Program Director will direct and supervise this activity. Consultants will be invited to visit and advise on the structure and

In order to test the granule exocytosis model for lymphocyte cytotoxicity, we have examined the function of a non-cytotoxic cell which possesses a well-defined regulated secretory system after transfection for the granule cytolysin of cytotoxic T lymphocytes. The cells chosen for this are RBL, a rat mucosal mast cell tumor line, which degranulates in response to cross- linking its IgE Fc receptor. In order to allow transfection, a cDNA cloned for the cytolysin was inserted into

This proposal seeks funds to provide 25 travel awards of $1000 each to trainee investigators (graduate students, residents, clinical and postdoctoral fellows and faculty below the rank of Assistant Professor). The travel awards are for participation in the Fall 2008 Society for Basic Urologic Research (SBUR) meeting to be held in Phoenix, AZ on November 20th-23rd. The SBUR is a society of scientists specializing in research on benign and malignant urologic diseases. The Society has held its

Rates of obesity and diabetes are increasing at an alarming rate throughout the world, in both developed and developing countries. A link between the intestinal microbiota, low-grade chronic inflammation and metabolic syndrome has been recently established in our and other laboratories. Specifically, our studies demonstrate that mice lacking toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5), which is predominantly expressed by intestinal epithelial cels, develop spontaneous colitis because of an inability to maintain intestinal bacterial homeostasis. Further, upon rederivation of TLR5KO mice

ABSTRACT Lysophosphatidic acid (LPA) signaling has the potential to be of therapeutic value in periodontal disease (PD). LPA is central to homeostasis and pathophysiology, existing in bodily fluids at low levels in health, and becoming elevated in inflammation and pathology. Key to periodontal disease (PD), LPA is essential to all aspects of bone biology and inflammation (Jesionowska et al., 2014). The secreted enzyme autotaxin (ATX) makes the majority of LPA

Lp[a] is a lipoprotein whose plasma concentration has been shown to have a strong correlation with coronary artery disease. The long term objective of the research proposed in this application is to elucidate several specific structural and functional properties of Lp[a] and to gain a clearer understanding of how its three major components (protein, carbohydrate, and lipid) interact. This objective will be approached through four specific aims. The first aim is to isolate apo[a] and apoB from Lp[a

Experiments proposed here are designed to further our understanding of the structure and function of Transcription Factor IIIA (TFIIIA), with particular reference to its role in establishing sequence specificity for transcription initiation on 5S rRNA genes and its status as the prototype for the large class of nucleic acid-binding proteins containing Zn++ finger motifs. Specifically mutated forms of TFIIIA will be synthesized, purified, and characterized in a variety of in vitro assays to assess the importance of specific amino acid residues in contributing to

The insulin receptor of the plasma membrane consists of a heterodimer comprised of an alpha and beta subunit. The mature receptor is synthesized by way of a 190 K proreceptor. However, the mechanism of conversion of the proreceptor to the mature subunit is unknown. Inasmuch as the proteosome is an important mechanism of both processing and degrading intracellular proteins, it is of interest to determine whether the proteosome may be involved in the processing of the proreceptor to the mature receptor. Further, inasmuch

The specific aims of the research project are to identify the effect of a variety of chemical agents and drugs on the corneal endothelium. (1) Hematoporphyrin, a photosensitizing agent, is used in the treatment of a variety of cancers and has potential value for the treatment of retinoblastoma in the eye. The drug will be investigated for possible phototoxic effects on the corneal endothelium. (2) The effect of a variety of selective anion blockers on corneal endothelium. (2) The

The possibility that hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) can be used as curative therapy for patients with severe autoimmune diseases has recently become the focus of rheumatologists and HCT groups worldwide. However, little preclinical or clinical data are available that provide guidelines for how best to condition these patients for transplantation or that delineate graft compositions that will likely result in long-term cures. HCT is generally considered a high risk procedure. Our laboratory has been studying ways to make HCT safer and thus more widely available to patients with

Estrogen administration begun during a critical window near menopause is hypothesized to prevent or delay age-associated cognitive decline. However, due to potential health risks women often limit use of estrogen therapy to a few years to treat menopausal symptoms. The long-term consequences for the brain of short-term use of estrogens are unknown. The long-term goal of the research is to determine the consequences for the female brain and for female cognitive aging of short-term exposure to estrogens during middle-age

This program seeks to evaluate the results of providing optional child health supervision for the first 3 years of life to a series of 47 normal first-born black infants as compared to a similar series of 48 control infants.. A cognitive stimulation program was included as part of the health care which was delivered to the home via mobile coach. The pediatrician and nurse made regular visits following the schedule and procedures recommended by the American Academy of Pediatrics. Counseling and anticipatory guidance were extensive. A yearly evaluation of both

Immunotherapy has transformed cancer treatment, but therapy response ranges between 5% to 60% depending on tumor and treatment type. Accumulating evidence points to number and type of immune cell infiltrates within tumors as the culprit for failure. To enable higher success rates, novel treatments aim to prime tumors for immunotherapy by improving the immune milieu within the tumor microenvironment. However, there are currently no clinical technologies that can noninvasively assess immune contexture within tumors. Without noninvasive immunomonitoring methods, selection

The reuptake of choline produced by hydrolysis of acetylcholine is necessary for cholinergic function and is thought to be associated specifically with cholinergic terminals and the synthesis of acetylcholine (Ach). Glial cells may modulate synaptic function by participating in the reuptake process for neuronally released transmitters and choline. We propose to more clearly define specificity of choline uptake, and its modulation by glia by the use of several cell lines used as models of normal function. C6 ast

There is compelling evidence to suggest that specific classes of retinal horizontal cells utilize the inhibitory amino acid GABA as a neurotransmitter, and that GABA plays a key role in establishing the center-surround antagonism that characterizes the receptive field properties of retinal neurons. Carrier-mediated transport of GABA by horizontal cells appears to be an essential component of this process, and serves perhaps both in the uptake and release of the neurotransmitter. The advent of the whole-cell recording method has permitted such transport processes to be

The overall goal of this study is to use continuous arterial spin labeling, CASL, perfusion MRI to characterize diaschisis and determine its contribution to hemiparesis after subacute stroke. Stroke remains the leading cause of death worldwide despite improvements in acute stroke treatment and prevention. Patients show considerable variability in the degree to which they recover and the mechanisms underlyingthis variabilityare still largely unknown. One mechanism, termed diaschisis, was proposed almost a century ago to explain part of

The purpose of the Animal and Antibody Core is to provide animals and antibodies to all components of this Program Project. This includes: 1) Purchase and maintenance of non-human primates;2) Production, quality control and maintenance of MGH MHC inbred miniature swine including the MGH GalT-KO swine;3) The purchase and maintenance of scid and transgenic mice (Projects 3 and 5) including barrier housing;and 4) Production, phenotyping and characterization of murine monoclonal antibodies reactive

Proposed is a collaborative partnership between Makerere University and Johns Hopkins on HIV and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in Uganda: The H2U Consortium. Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a very common and lethal cancer in Africa, and as patients with HIV live longer, the HCC burden will increase. The overarching goal of the Consortium is to reduce the heavy burden of HIV-associated HCC in sub-Saharan Africa. Building on long-standing collaborations, the Consortium expands will

We proposed to establish a sustainable Center of Biomedical Research Excellence (COBRE) in Molecular Epidemiology at Dartmouth structured to support the recruitment, career development, and engagement of talented junior investigators who will advance their research in molecular epidemiology as part of the new Center. We will bring together a diverse faculty with shared interests in integrating and translating cutting edge scientific technologies and discoveries to improve our understanding of major human health concerns, and ultimately inform clinical decision and practice change. Faculty will span multiple departments in Dartmouth

Project Summary/Abstract Over 400,000 patients are treated for sudden cardiac arrest each year in the U.S., but fewer than 1 in 5 survive after in-hospital cardiac arrest (IHCA), and fewer than 1 in 10 survive after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA). The overwhelming majority of deaths are caused by failure to achieve return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) using standard cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and advanced cardiovascular life support (ACLS). Extrac

An anti-trypanosomal factor (ATF) produced by Pseudomonas fluorescens against the Tulahuen strain of Trypanosoma cruzi consisted of two main fractions: ATF-I, exhibited a molecular weight higher than 20,000, was less active against flagellates and produced toxic effects in mice. ATF-II, of molecular weight approximately 1,000, was quite active against the parasites, and well tolerated in mice. In view of the protective effects observed in vivo

The brain functions as a network across scales. Micro-networks of single cells describe how individual neurons process and integrate information while macro-networks of brain regions are often linked to specific brain functions. However, networks at these different scales are often studied in isolation. Calcium imaging methods have recently enabled simultaneous recordings of hundreds to thousands of neurons with single-cell resolution. Such techniques provide an opportunity to bridge the understanding of networks across scales by recording from a large brain region with single-cell resolution.

This Program Project brings together investigators from a variety of disciplines who are focusing their divergent backgrounds on the regulation of keratinocyte differentiation. These workers will exploit in vitro and in vivo models, both human and murine, in which keratinocyte differentiation, including permeability barrier formation, can be manipulated precisely. Project #1 will evaluate the role of cornified envelope-associated proteins in permeability barrier function, utilizing a variety of human diseases due to specific mutations in such proteins as well as mouse models in which such proteins or their

The immunology , immunochemistry and cellular biology of two parasites that cause considerable disease in the United States are studied. Giardia lamblia is the most common disease-causing parasite in the United States and one of the earliest branching protist that possesses a unique secretory system. In more evolved cells, lysosomal proteins are sorted from the trans-Golgi network to endosomal/lysosomal compartments by inclusion into clathrin-coated vesicles. Lysosomal trafficking is achieved by specific cargo recognition

The proposed studies have been designed to (1) investigate the role of enhanced behavioral and cardiovascular responsiveness to sensory stimuli in hypertension, (2) determine, whether local brain angiotensin II (AII) and/or vasopressin (VP) participate in the central control of the behavioral and cardiovascular response patterns that are elicited by sensory stimuli, and (3) explore, whether a startle paradigm can be used to investigate the effects of defined sensory stimuli on the vasomotion of microvessels

Magnetic resonance imaging has demonstrated the potential for non-invasive mapping of the structural and functional connectivity of the human brain in health and disease. The primary methods that have emerged include diffusion imaging and resting-state functional connectivity mapping. Although these methods have validated capabilities for connectivity mapping, they also face technical limitations which constrain their utility. Diffusion imaging is hampered by low sensitivity and the inefficiency of encoding the diffusion data. Similarly, resting-state functional connectivity is limited in temporal resolution by spatial encoding during whole

The Design and Methodology Core will assist investigators to design studies and to analyze data using a mixture of established and innovative techniques to examine questions related to influencing individualization of treatment for women with breast cancer. Core D will support investigators through consultation and collaboration, lead work-in-progress sessions, as well as development and maintenance of centralized resources related to design and methodology. An important goal of our Design and Methodology core is to conduct breast cancer translational biostatistical research, facilitating the movement of new methodological

Phencyclidine (PCP) is a widely self-administered psychedelic drug of abuse, and the treatment and management of patients suffering from acute and chronic PCP intoxication poses a major health problem. In low doses, PCP causes hallucination, ataxia, catatonia, nystagmus, analgesia and anesthesia. At high doses, PCP results in long periods of stupor, seizures, confusion and psychosis characterized as schizophreniform. Before the mechanisms underlying

The primary goal of this proposal is to conduct a randomized clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of an integrated electronic health record system that includes a eMedical Record (EMR), eDental Record (EDR), and a Personal eHealth Record (PHR) to improve the quality and safety of dental care for patients with chronic illnesses. Chronic medical conditions such as diabetes, heart disease, pulmonary disease, and conditions that cause xerostomia (dry mouth) have a profound effect on the quality

Over 8 million adult Americans have obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. Many of these individuals will have persistent hypersomnolence despite therapy. We have found that exposure to long-term intermittent hypoxia (LTIH), modeling oxygenation in severe obstructive sleep apnea, in adult mice results in lasting hypersomnolence and oxidative injury to select wake-active neural groups. In preliminary studies, we are finding LTIH-induces apoptosis and loss of noradrenergic locus coeruleus neurons

PROJECT SUMMARY/ABSTRACT The PPCD1 mouse arose from a spontaneous mutation in our mouse colony and exhibits an enlarged anterior chamber secondary to metaplasia of the corneal endothelium and blockage of the iridocorneal angle by the epithelialized corneal endothelial cells. The presence of stratified multilayered corneal endothelial cells with abnormal patterns of cytokeratin expression are remarkably similar to those observed in human corneal endothelial dystrophies, notably posterior polymorphous dystrophy (PPD), and the sporadic condition

Metalloproteins containing manganese in a redox-active role are involved in a variety of physiologically important reactions of dioxygen metabolism. These include, amongst others, a superoxide dismutase that detoxifies superoxide radicals to O2 and peroxide, a catalase that disproportionates peroxide to O2 and H2O, and perhaps the most complex and important, the Mn-containing oxygen-evolving complex (Mn-OEC) that is involved in the oxidation of water to dioxygen

The mapping and sequencing of the human genome is a world-wide effort with many anticipated health benefits. A cornerstone of the Human Genome Project (HGP) is the use of yeast artificial chromosome (YAC) vectors for the cloning of large chromosome fragments. It is essential for the HGP that human DNA within YACs be stable within yeast. A major source of artefacts as we have shown arises from the repetitive nature of the DNA. These are potential substrates for co-cloning events

DESCRIPTION (Investigator's Abstract): Choroid plexus has a major role in regulating the composition of brain extracellular fluid. Recently, growth- factors have been identified in choroid plexus, an epithelium well known for its secretory function. Because peptides like fibroblast growth factor (FGF)-2 and transforming growth factor(TGF)- 1 have key roles in CNS ontogeny, and in the response to brain injury, there is the intriguing possibility that choroid plexus secretes growth factors

Funds are requested to help support expenses for invited speakers including minisymposium speakers for the 54th annual symposium of the Society for Developmental Biology (SDB), entitled "Genes, Development and Cancer" which will be held August 26-29, 1995 at the University of California at San Diego. This year's symposium is organized by Helen M. Blau, current President of the SDB, together with Nadia Rosenthal, Associate Professor at Harvard Medical School, and will

In the past 5-10 years, solid state NMR (SSNMR) has emerged as a technique that yields important structural data on systems not amenable to examination with either X-ray diffraction or solution NMR, presently the two pillars of structural biology. For example, SSNMR experiments have recently produced some of the first structures of membrane peptides and proteins and the first experimentally-determined structures of amyloid fibrils, which have been resistant to detailed investigation by other techniques because they are insoluble and do not crystallize in

Funds are requested for the acquisition of Ultraflex III TOF/TOF 200 MALDI- TOF Mass Spectrometry Imaging System, an up-to-date Ultraflex III TOF/TOF200 modular time-of-flight mass spectrometer together with corresponding software and accessories, to provide sample preparation for tissue molecular imaging. The mass spectrometry imaging system will also be used for protein identification, but the main propose will be the molecular imaging and detection in different protein expression between the reference (control tissue

Meningiomas, the most common primary brain tumors with a US prevalence of 170,000, arise from arachnoid cells in the three-layered membrane encompassing the central nervous system. Although histologically benign in 80% of cases, they can cause neurologic deficits by encircling and compressing critical neurovascular structures and are aggressively treated with surgery or radiation due to the lack of established medical or chemotherapies. Before January 2013, the only major known genetic contributor to meningi

The proposed effort will develop spatial analysis techniques which can provide information on the spread of Sir Nombre Virus (SNV) in rodent populations throughout a region. This effort will focus on the area encompassed by the Great Basin of the western United States. In order to examine the risk potential from hantavirus, a geographic information system (GIS) database, a modeling framework, and a simulation methodology wall be developed. Peromyscus maniculatus will be the primary host species under study. This

In identifying pathways for the targeted therapy of cancer, three requirements are paramount. The pathway must be activated in tumor cells, it must be amenable to pharmacological modulation, and inhibition of the pathway in normal cells must not lead to undue toxicity. STAT family transcription factors are targets that fulfill these requirements fully. In particular, STAT3 and STAT5 are activated inappropriately in a wide array of human tumors, and their inhibition can be tolerated in normal tissue with little detrimental effect. We have developed a system to

Human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the fifth most common cancer, and the third leading cause of cancer death worldwide. All conventional treatments for liver cancer are fraught with side effects and limited efficiency. Hence, it is important to identify novel drugs that target the underlying molecular events of HCC growth and interfere with HCC development by blocking cell division and selectively inducing tumor cell apoptosis. One particular gene that has gained attention in recent years due to its importance in a number of cancers including HCC is Forkhead Box

(1) In autonomic synucleinopathies, neuroimaging biomarkers predict survival: About 1/3 of Parkinson disease (PD) patients, most multiple system atrophy (MSA) patients, and all pure autonomic failure (PAF) patients have neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (OH). In a prospective cohort study we compared long-term survival in these synucleinopathies. We found that survival depends on the particular disease, with the time to death shorter in MSA than in PD

Spermatogenesis proceeds from proliferation of spermatogonial stem cells, through the unique process of meiosis in spermatocytes, to end with the dramatic morphogenesis of haploid spermatids into spermatozoa. This project examines gene products responsible for the unique structural and functional features of spermatozoa, with the goal of determining the intrinsic and extrinsic mechanisms which regulate expression of genes at different phases of the developmental process of spermatogenesis. For example, the fibrous sheath is a cytoskeletal component of the sperm

The purpose of this project is to continue the study of the EBV- encoded, growth-transformation associated nuclear (EBNA-1-6) and membrane (LMP) proteins. The mapping and definition of EBNA-4 and EBNA-6 will be continued. The work on EBNA-5 will be focused on the B95-8/Raji prototype negative lines and the possible existence of alternative specificities. We also intend to localize the EBNAs vs EA/

Individuals with chronic conditions such as heart disease and diabetes show impaired glucose and fatty acid oxidation and diminished energetic states in various tissue/organ systems. This is due to alterations in the signaling, biochemical, and structural components of metabolic pathways [63-69]. For example, remodeling in failing hearts results in impaired ability to oxidize both fatty acids and glucose [66], due to a down regulation of enzymes involved in poxidation [70, 71] along with an impaired ability to utilize glucose due to

The purpose of this proposal for the K01 Career Development Award from the NIDDK is to enhance the learning and research skills of the applicant in order to transition into an independent investigator. The career development aspect of this award is facilitated by his mentoring team, relevant courses, journal clubs, seminars, university centers, and cores dedicated to enhancing collaboration between clinicians and researchers. The research portion of this proposal is focused on the autoimmune disease IgA nephropathy (IgAN), which causes progressive kidney damage,

Research on highly stable proteins from organisms that thrive at high temperatures (thermophiles) is integral to elucidating the factors that control protein stability and folding. Despite over two decades of research on proteins from thermophiles, the evolutionary strategies behind high-temperature adaptation remain enigmatic. One hypothesis that has emerged is that proteins from thermophiles display enhanced conformational rigidity at room temperature (in which they are in a "cryobiological" state) in comparison with homologous proteins from mesophiles

A novel ring expansion and chain extension reaction has been discovered. The new reaction is completely regiospecific, takes place in excellent yield and appears to be capable of very broad application and extension, particularly in the area of medium- sized rings. Accordingly, it is proposed to extend the method to include heterocyclic compounds with emphasis on the pharmacologically useful benzazepines and dibenzazepines. Application to the synthesis of optically active beta-amino acids will be explored. Vinylogous ring

This application describes the establishment of a Research Center of Excellence on Minority Health Disparities at The University of Maryland (7P60MD000207-10) with its overarching goal, 'fostering excellence in transdisciplinary and community engaged research to improve minority health and eliminate health disparities in Maryland[unreadable]s African American and Latino communities.'Our objectives include: Objective 1: Evaluate the implementation of evidence-based public health interventions that are designed to reduce risk factors associated with pre-

The Prenatal PCB Exposure and Neurodevelopmental Outcomes in Adolescence and Adulthood study will examine the relationship between prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and cognitive, behavioral, neurologic, and psychiatric outcomes in adolescence and adulthood. The study will be based in a sub-cohort consisting of 162 African-American subjects whose mothers were enrolled during pregnancy in 1962 and 1963 at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center (CPMC) in the Collaborative Perinatal

As a National RSB Resource, the Ligand Assay and Analysis Core will serve an essential role in this U54 Center, and other RSB-supported Centers. First, the Core will provide high quality, cost effective assay services. Second, develop new state-of-the-art assay methods to accommodate investigator needs. Third, the Core will provide assistance and consultation regarding assay methodology, data reduction/analysis, data interpretation and biomathematical modeling. The accurate, precise and dependable measurement

Individual gp160 clones were screened for infectivity as Env-pseudotyped viruses in a luciferase reporter gene assay in JC53-BL (TZM-bl) cells. Functional env clones were sequenced and their neutralization phenotypes characterized by using soluble CD4, monoclonal antibodies and serum samples from infected individuals and non-infected recipients of a recombinant gp120 vaccine. Env clones from 12 R5 primary HIV-1 isolates were selected that were not unusually sensitive or resistant to neutralization and comprised a wide spectrum

African-American women are disproportionately affected by triple negative breast cancer (TNBC), a form of breast cancer that does not express the three widely used biomarkers and therapeutic targets, namely Her-2, estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor. Consequently, these women do not benefit from the novel therapies (eg., Herceptin therapy) targeting the three biomarkers. TNBC are very aggressive, resulting in higher mortality rate in African-American women than women in other population. While TNBC is initially sensitive to chemotherapy

The overall aims of this revised proposal are to build on existing MRI/functional MRI capacity in South Africa and to apply newly implemented structural and functional imaging techniques to examine brain function in adolescents of the Western Cape region of South Africa who are heavy users of methamphetamine alone or in combination with cannabis. Over the past several years we have initiated a research collaboration between the Brain Imaging Center (BIC) at McLean Hospital, Harvard Medical School and the Brain Imaging Group (BIG) at the University of Stellen

The long term goals of our research are to understand the biochemical processes by which androgens and related hormones affect the prostate, seminal vesicles, and other target organs and also to provide molecular bases for treatment of abnormal growth of hormone sensitive and insensitive organs, such as benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) and prostatic cancers. The specific aims for the next 5 year period are: (1). To study the structure and functions of human and rat receptors for 5-androstene-3beta, 17beta

Abstract: The overdose (OD) epidemic is one of the worst crises of the 21st century US, and people who inject drugs (PWID) are at its epicenter. ODs are the leading cause of death for PWID, and the number of PWID is rising. We are, though, routinely missing opportunities to develop the evidence base for interventions for PWID: ? Many states are enacting laws to combat the opioid epidemic (Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs [PDMPs], N

Our long-term objective is to understand how interactions between genomes and their environments influence the growth of simple organisms. We focus on the genomes of viruses because they carry a small number of genes, essential functions of these genes are often known, and the stages of the virus growth cycle have frequently been well characterized. Viruses also cause many human diseases including, for example, AIDS, influenza, cancer, SARS, and the common cold. Moreover, natural and engineered viruses have potential applications as vaccines and anti-

Adult injured axons can regenerate and functional recovery is achievable if appropriate biochemical and structural environments are present. While several in vivo studies have shown that neurotrophic factors (NF) can rescue neuronal cells, promote axonal growth and restore function after nerve injury, there is little clinical success using present delivery strategies. We have used a gene-activated matrix (GAM) to deliver a NF called fibroblast growth factor (FGF2) as condensed DNA in optic nerve injury and shown neuron survival over 100 days

The emergence of in vivo resistance of Plasmodium falciparum malaria to chloroquine and to the combination antifolate drug pyrimethamine-sulfadoxine (PS) is a major threat to public health in Africa. The overall aim of this project is to define the mechanisms of resistance to these drugs through a combination of field studies in Malawi (linked to independently funded projects at other African sites) and laboratory studies at the University of Maryland. Point mutations in parasite dihydrofolate reductase (

1. Quantitative Blood Volume Measurement in Human Brain [unreadable] Like CBF, CBV is an important physiological parameter closely associated with brain activity and thus, noninvasive quantification of CBV during brain activation provides another opportunity to investigate the relationship between neuronal activity and hemodynamic changes. In this study, a new method is presented that is able to quantify CBV at rest and during activation. Specifically, using an inversion recovery pulse sequence, a set of brain images was collected at various inversion times (TIs).

Project summary The epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) fine-tunes Na+ and water balance and is the primary regulator of blood pressure and volume through Na+ reabsorption in the distal nephron. Thus, ENaC is a critical therapeutic target for kidney diseases and blood pressure control. Here we propose to develop a molecular model for ENaC function by determining high-resolution structures of ENaC in different functional states. Molecular studies of ENaC have proven difficult largely because ENa

Work is in progress to understand the genetic and molecular basis of regulation of the amylase system of Drosophila pseudoobscura. This system includes the structural gene Amy and its associated, presumptive control genes. Two types of control genes are being studied: regulatory genes which control the amount of amylase present and temporal genes which control the tissue specific expression of Amy in time. The first part of the research has focused on the biochemical characterization and purification of the amylases coded for by the Amy1.

The specific aim of this project is to determine what cognitive capacities infants and children possess when reasoning about arithmetic, with the broader long-term objective of pinpointing inventive ways to tap into intuitive mathematical skills. There is an emphasis on the "number sense", an evolutionarily-ancient ability to roughly estimate the number of objects in a scene without the benefit of symbols such as Arabic numerals. The project explores areas of continuity or discontinuity in the development of reasoning about the mathematical operations of addition,

Exposure to organic dusts is a cause of airway disease, including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). As many as 20% of COPD cases are attributed to occupational exposures. In rural areas, an important source of dust exposure occurs in hog confinement barns. Persons exposed to hog barns have airway inflammation and an increased incidence of COPD. Although many substances are present in hog barn dust that induces inflammation including endotoxins, actual mechanisms leading to COPD are not well defined. Understanding mechanisms of

The Genomics Core is responsible for the conduct of genome-wide expression analyses on blood T-cell, monocyte, and neutrophil samples obtained from trauma and burned patients. The Core will also conduct genome wide expression analyses on other non-blood tissues (primarily skin, muscle and fat) obtained from the burn patients. The activities of the Core are divided into two principal components: (1) routine analyses of samples generated from the PORC site initially using the macroscale techniques (see CSSP Core

Only recently has attention been paid to the initiation of responses of human polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) and to biochemical and physiological events which take place during the first minute of granulocyte stimulation. Measurements of these earliest events and determinations of the order in which they occur allow a separation of causes from effects. By use of techniques which provide a time resolution measured in seconds (rather than minutes), we have established a temporal order for membrane hyperpolarization, cAMP changes, lysosomal enzyme release, and superoxide anion

Hybrid male sterility factors are the key to understanding speciation in animals and the molecular basis of Haldane's rule that impaired reproduction of the heterogametic sex is the first stage in reproductive isolation. The Dobzhansky-Muller model for the origin of reproductive isolation assumes that separated conspecific populations undergo independent gene substitutions which, when combined together in the hybrid, result in hybrid sterility or inviability. Virtually nothing is known about the genetic or molecular basis of

The studies to be conducted under this contract will evaluate the toxicity and carcinogenicity of butylbenzyl phthalate administered in the diet for two years to male and female F344 rats and B6C3F1 mice. In addition, these studies will evaluate the effect of reduced weight gain on tumor incidence in rats. This will be accomplished by feeding special groups of rats an amount of feed which will maintain their body weights below that of the ad lib fed animals. All moribund animals,

PROJECT SUMMARY Metastatic cancers invariably relapse due to the emergence of resistant subclones that are capable of self- renewal, slow cell-cycling, tumor re-initiation and therapy resistance, termed metastasis stem cells (MetSCs). Yet the molecular mechanisms MetSCs employ for survival and regrowth are poorly understood. Preliminary data described in this proposal identify the cell-adhesion molecule cell adhesion molecule L1 (L1CAM) as a critical target for suppressing metastatic relapse. Employing

Ataxia-telangiectasia (A-T) is a multi-systemic, recessively inherited disorder that affects between 1 in 40,000 to 1 in 100,000 individuals worldwide. It is characterized primarily by early onset cerebellar ataxia and telangiectasia, from which the disease name is derived. In addition, patients also exhibit a number of other clinical symptoms including increased susceptibility to cancer (lymphomas, leukemia, brain tumors), immunodeficiency, insulin-resistant diabetes

Tumor metastasis is responsible for most treatment failures in breast cancer patients. In cancers of epithelial origin, loss of epithelial cell polarity and transformation into a migratory phenotype are key steps in invasion of cancer cells. Intravasation of cancer cells appears to be dependent upon epidermal growth factor (EGF)-stimulated chemotaxis. Chemotaxis and invasion depends upon dynamic adhesion to extracellular matrix and actin cytoskeleton remodeling. Phosphoinositide signaling plays a key role in these processes, but the underlying mechanisms are

The transcription factor p53 responds to variety of cellular stressors by inducing cell cycle arrest or apoptosis, playing a critical role in tumor suppression. Mutations in the p53 gene that compromise p53 functions occur in 50% of human cancers, and elevated levels of two p53 inhibitors Mdm2 and Mdm4 occur in most of the rest. Current dogma holds that Mdm2 mainly regulates p53 stability via its RING finger E3 ubiquitin ligase and Mdm4 mainly controls p53

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. INTRODUCTION:The usual surgical repair techniques (so-called "open technique") for anterior tracheal wall collapse are often associated with a high

Project Summary/Abstract PGRMC1 is expressed in the human endometrium at highest levels during the estrogen dominated proliferative phase, suggesting that this relatively uncharacterized protein functions to coordinate epithelial cell proliferation. Our lab recently floxed the murine Pgrmc1 gene in an effort to evaluate the function of this gene in the context of female fertility. Conditional mutagenesis studies using Pgr-cre mice revealed that PGRMC1 is necessary for the expression of several growth factors and subsequent epithelial cell proliferation

The creation of a cardiovascular shared instrument image analysis and computer graphics facility at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine (JHSM) is proposed. Funding to purchase a Cardiovascular Imaging and Graphics (CIG) system consisting of four Sun 4/260 graphics workstations, each equipped with a TAAC-1 graphics accelerator and networked to a Sun 4/280 data center server is requested. This system will have high speed image processing capability. It will serve researchers in muscle modelling, bio-

The Department of Neurology, including the Division of Child Neurology, and the Center for Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics (CCEB) at the University of Pennsylvania propose to continue and enhance an innovative, rigorous, and successful two- to three-year research training program for clinicians in both adult and pediatric neurologic clinical epidemiology research. The training program focuses on mentored research with an experienced investigator that involves didactic training and the planning, design, conduct, analysis, and interpretation of an independent

The simian type D retroviruses are the cause of Simian Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome in biomedical research communities in Asian macaques, and can serve as model systems in understanding the role of envelope (env) glycoprotein gene diversity in modulating cell tropism and onset in AIDS pathogenesis. Retroviruses undergo high-frequency mutations in their env genes and are subjected to selection pressures that result in the appearance of new pathologically-advantaged variants. We have molecularly-cloned and sequenced

This Mentored Research Scientist Development Award (K01) application describes a career development and research plan designed to position Dr. Gilbert Kinsey as an independent investigator in immunological mechanisms of, and treatments for, kidney disease. The research focus is acute kidney injury (AKI); a significant clinical problem associated with high morbidity and mortality, which predisposes individuals to chronic and end stage renal disease. Kidney inflammation is well-established as a major pathogenic factor in AKI. Postdoctoral studies by the applicant have

Amyloid beta (Abeta), the major constituent of the amyloid fibrils deposited in cerebral blood vessels and parenchymal plaques Alzheimer s brains, is also normally found as a soluble component (sAbeta) in biological fluids, where it appears to be transported (greater than 90 percent) in association with lipoprotein particles. Although peptides homologous to sAbeta spontaneously polymerize in vitro, the potential contribution of the circulating soluble forms to the deposited Abeta remains unknown. It has been demonstrated that the blood

Project Description In order to solve the most challenging public health issues, the scientific community needs creative and diverse scientific solutions. As innovation is enhanced when a diverse set of investigators examine a scientific problem, retention of highly skilled scientists from underrepresented groups is critical. Neuroscience assistant professors and postdoctoral scholars from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds, including racial and ethnic minorities, people with disabilities, and people from disadvantaged backgrounds, face three major challenges in their career development. First, comprehensive professional development at these career stages

Genetic and epigenetic aberrations are well studied hallmarks of cancer cells. But in addition, an increasing[unreadable] number of reports have suggested that such changes can also occur in the non-neoplastic stromal cells that[unreadable] surround and intermingle with carcinoma cells. There are also recent functional data suggesting that tumorassociated[unreadable] stromal cells, including myofibroblasts and tumor-associated endothelial cells (TECs), can[unreadable] acquire new phenotypes, different from normal stromal cells

* In vivo and in vitro generation of Th2 cells in the absence of IL-4 receptor/Stat-6 signaling. In last year?s report, we described experiments demonstrating that the development of egg granulomas and fibrosis is ablated in schistosome-infected mice deficient in the receptor for IL-4 or its signaling element STAT-6 (Jankovic et al, JI, 1999b). Surprisingly, although these animals cannot respond to IL-4, the cytokine previously described to

The transitions from egg to embryo to adult require that cells communicate with each other to acquire specialized fates at the right times in the correct places. Cancer is in part the result of aberrant regulation. Most of our information on signaling pathways comes from genetics and biochemistry on populations of cells, with stimuli typically reduced to a binary on/off. This project will adapt contemporary microfluidic technology to accurately control the concentrations of signaling molecules in time in multiple small chambers while continuously imaging the response of single cells via

Vicia villosa lectin-adherent Lyt-1+ spleen cells, obtained 4 days after immunization with an optimally immunogenic dose (0.5 microgram of Type III pneumococcal polysaccharide (SSS-III), increased the magnitude of the antibody response of mice to SSS- III upon transfer to recipients also immunized with the same antigen; however, the ability to demonstrate such enhancement depended greatly upon when such cells were transferred relative to immunization of recipients. Lectin-adherent

The applicants propose to develop a Patient-Care Advisory (PC Advisor) system utilizing advanced neural network and statistical algorithms to predict post- treatment complications. Neural network can be trained on existing patient records and extract hidden nonlinear high-dimensional relationships between pre-treatment data and post- treatment outcomes. PC Advisor can help physicians decide what tests are needed, what post- operative complications are likely, and help compare the risks of alternative treatments. For maximum utility to health care industry, existing algorithms will be enhanced

The University of Miami CSTORMS - The Center for Subtropical and Tropical Oceans and Human Health Research in the Marine Sciences and its collaborators propose to build on several decades of collaborative and interdisciplinary research, education and training to address the new NIEHS-NSF research initiative in Oceans and Human Health. CSTORMS will focus on issues relevant to the Southeastern United States and Caribbean, as well as global Sub/Tropical areas worldwide, to integrate interdisciplinary research

This proposal is aimed at studying chronic differences in attentional processes as a vulnerability factor for psychological distress. Specifically, a kind of attentional process, self-focused attention, studied by a number of social-cognitive researchers has been implicated as a risk factor for exacerbated emotional distress in response to stressful life events. Self-focused attention is defined as attention directed inwardly toward the self as opposed to externally toward other individuals. Researchers studying this cognitive process have identified a number of cognitive and emotional correlates as well

The Hedgehog signaling pathway plays a key role during embryonic development and, post-embryonically, in regulating adult stem cell renewal and regeneration. Aberrant activation of the Hedgehog pathway has been linked to the development and progression of several human malignancies, including leukemia, lung, pancreatic, prostate, and colon cancers. Chemical modulators of the Hedgehog pathway have proven essential for elucidating its function as well as identifying promising clinical candidates for the treatment of Hedgehog pathway-related

I plan to investigate the role played by prostaglandins and the kallikrein-kinin system in the regulation of systemic blood pressure in normotensive and hypertensive animals. The fulfill this aim, the following steps will be considered: 1) Definition of the state of activity of the kallikrein-kinin system and prostaglandins in experimental models of hypertension (nephrogenic, neurogenic, DOCA-salt). Blood and urinary levels of prostaglandins (A,E and F series

This project will test the hypotheses that 1) G protein activates VSM L-type Ca2+ channels via cAMP/PK-A pathway, and 2) cGMP may exerts its inhibitory effect on these Ca2+ channels via phosphorylation of Ca2+ channels or some regulatory proteins by PKG. These hypotheses will be evaluated by utilizing freshly isolated portal vein myocytes, transiently expressed VSM L-type Ca2+ subunits, purified G protein subunits, and variety of non- specific and specific

The research proposed involves a series of interrelated studies concerned with family factors associated with the course and treatment of major mental disorders, with particular emphasis upon schizophrenia. The methodology developed by our research group is utilized to study the intrafamilial processes of communication deviance (CD) expressed emotion (EE), and affective style (AS). A number of studies are proposed which study the interrelationships among these variables and their relative prognostic validity in different samples. Three studies focus on family factors associated with the course

The murine cerebellum is a powerful model system in which to study the control of pattern during the formation of the CNS. The work to be performed during the next project period draws on techniques of quantitative morphology, mouse genetics and modern molecular biology to provide a unique approach to understanding the forces that guide the creation of this important brain region. The work is designed to test the hypothesis that the cerebellar anlage is "compartmentalized" twice. Once at the early neural tube stage when the precursors for the

The specific aim of this proposal is to characterize the surface lipids of WHO-reference stocks of species of the protozoan parasite Leishmania, responsible for cutaneous, mucocutaneous and visceral disease of man in many temperature and tropical regions of the world, and to determine the roles of those lipids in the host-parasite relationships of the life-cycle stages. This aim is to be realized by (1) in vivo propagation of the amastigote stage in laboratory animals and in

There is growing evidence that the prenatal environment plays a role in the etiology of childhood asthma. Epidemiologic evidence suggests that children who develop asthma by school age already have 40% of their associated lung deficit at birth, and experimental studies in animals demonstrate that prenatal exposures to tobacco smoke, diesel exhaust, and other combustion-related particles can induce asthma in the offspring. The proposed research seeks to investigate the effect of exposure to ambient air pollution from traffic emissions during pregnancy on asthma incidence in childhood. We will study

Organ preservation and safe transport is a critical factor in transplantation medicine, but adequate preservation of human organs donated for transplantation poses a significant challenge. While significant progress has been made in defining the principles governing tissue preservation and storage prolongation, development of a technology in a configuration that is simple to use, highly portable and cost effective remains. The objective of this proposal is the development of a single-use, low-cost and highly portable heart preservation system that enhances organ quality, extends preservation times and provides for safe

At the Southwest Foundation for Research and Education a detailed analysis of host-herpesvirus interaction in nonhuman primates will be made. Previous studies have demonstrated that the baboon is relatively immunologically competent by human standards, the cebus monkey is of intermediate competence while the marmoset is markedly deficient in a number of parameters of thymic and bursal dependent systems. Sophisticated tests of immunological competence will be carried out to find the factors in each of the three species which are most

The PI is Jon Tyson, MD, MPH, is the Michelle Bain Distinguished Professor of Medicine and Public Health, Director of the Center for Population Health and Evidence-Based Medicine, and a Professor of Pediatrics, Obstetrics, and Epidemiology at UT Houston. Th Co-PI is Kathleen Kennedy, MD who is an Associate Professor of Pediatrics and the Director of the Perinatal Epidemiology Program UT Houston was added to the Network in 1998 when the PI and Co-

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. Primary support for the subproject and the subproject's principal investigator may have been provided by other sources, including other NIH sources. The Total Cost listed for the subproject likely represents the estimated amount of Center infrastructure utilized by the subproject, not direct funding provided by the NCRR grant to the subproject or subproject staff. The proposed Serum Analyte &Bi

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. Primary support for the subproject and the subproject's principal investigator may have been provided by other sources, including other NIH sources. The Total Cost listed for the subproject likely represents the estimated amount of Center infrastructure utilized by the subproject, not direct funding provided by the NCRR grant to the subproject or subproject staff. Genes that were determined to be increased

This project will develop new strategies for addressing the persistent gender gap in science achievement by targeting the mechanisms by which maladaptive beliefs that interfere with achievement arise. The persistent underrepresentation of women in science limits women's cognitive and economic attainment and-due to the growing number of households relying on the sole income of a female earner-contributes to child poverty and its concomitant negative effects on child physical, emotional, and cognitive development. Increasing the representation of women in science is a crucial way to help girls

This is a proposal to further the establishment within Vanderbilt Medical School of a Birth Defects and Genetics Center with multidisciplinary input into the pathogenesis and management of birth defects. The intent will be to explore our areas of expertise at both the physiological and pathogenetic levels and at the level of application of such knowledge to the management of these diseases. The aim is to develop a focus on one or more areas of investigation and management within the framework of a general Birth Defects and Genetics Center.

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. VKOR reduces vitamin K epoxide to the hydroquinone form of vitamin K. Reduced vitamin K is a cofactor for

This project is directed towards understanding the processes which regulate cytosolic [Ca] in salivary gland cells. In these cells, Ca entry which is critical for prolonged fluid secretion in this gland, is regulated by a "Ca release-activated Ca entry"-type of mechanism, found in a number of non-excitable cells. This largely uncharacterized mechanism appears to be stimulated by the depletion of Ca in the intracellular Ca store(s). In this reporting period we have demonstrated that Ca influx in rat parot

This investigation will evaluate the relative effectiveness of two theoretically-informed approaches in preventing the adverse sequelae of maltreatment in infants. Research participants will include 150 infants who have been maltreated by their biological caregiver during their first year of life and who continue to reside with the maternal caregiver, and 50 nonmaltreated demographically matched comparison infants and their mothers (NC). An ecological-transactional and organizational perspective on development serves to guide the intervention and evaluation models. Maltreated infants and their mothers will

Lactoperoxidase (LP), hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) and thiocyanate ion (SCN-) form a bacteriostatic system in human saliva. The oral "lactic-acid bacteria" release H2O2 as a by-product of carbohydrate metabolism. LP catalyzes the oxidation of SCN- by H2O2 to yield hypothiocyanite ion (OSCN-), which is in acid-base equilibrium with hypothiocyanous acid (HOS

Plasminogen activation is modulated by a number of inhibitors. he fast acting inhibitor of t-PA and u-PA has been designated plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 )PAI-1). The detection of raised levels of this acute phase protein is indicative of an imbalance in the hemostatic system. In order to fully assess PAI-1 plasma levels it is necessary to measure the protein by both antigenic and activity assays. We propose an approach which will allow the measurement of total

PROJECT SUMMARY/ABSTRACT Using Socially Assistive Robot Assistants to Augment NeuroRehabilitation Exercise Therapy Robots have the potential to tremendously impact the standard of care and improve the lives of patients and the working situation of existing caregivers. Socially Assistive Robotics, or robots used to help people through social, rather than physical, interaction has the potential to benefit several communities. In particular, the repetitive nature of neurorehabilitation for Traumatic Brain Injury (T

This application brings together a multidisciplinary group of 21 independently funded principal investigators and 18 additional professional supporting personnel from the Departments of Medicine, Surgery, Patholology, Diagnostic Radiology, Laboratory Medicine, Physiology, Human Genetics and Cell Biology at Yale School of Medicine, in order to further the study of liver structure, function and disease at this institution. The Center focuses on 5 major themes: (1) Mechanisms of hepatic transport and bile secretion; (2) Hepatic metabolic functions including bil

This project will characterize the mitochondrial (mt) proteome of Trypanosoma brucei, and protein differences between life cycle stages. It will elucidate the functions of potentially all mt proteins and construct structural and functional protein interaction networks. This will extend understanding of mt physiology, and identify potential drug targets. The project will: 1. Identify as many proteins as possible in procyclic form (PF) mt and fractions thereof using high-throughput tandem mass spectroscopy (MS/MS), the SBE

The proposed research will identify and assess the extent to which various social, historical, and legal factors may differentially affect the process by which mentally ill American Indians who live in reservation communities are civilly committed for psychiatric observation and/or treatment. Recent court decisions emphasize the confusing, sometimes absent jurisdictional controls that hinder attempts by federal, state and tribal authorities to commit said persons. A wide variety of circumstances may apply among service units within the same Indian Health Service administrative area. Preliminary inquiries by the authors indicate the human

The Administrative Core will be responsible for all administrative activities associated with the Program Project and will ensure that the Program operates according to its objectives, NIH guidelines and Stanford's policies. SpecificalIy, the Core will be responsible for budgetary management, analyses and projections for the Program and coordination and scheduling of meetings and conferences for all the Project Leaders and collaborators. The Core will also be responsible for the coordination and preparation of the annual progress reports, and will act as a liaison to the components

The mammalian kidney is susceptible to injury by ischemia/reperfusion and toxins, and regeneration following injury is characterized by hyperplasia and recovery of the damaged epithelial cells lining the tubules. Endogenous growth factors may serve as mediator of renal regeneration following acute injury; exogenous administration of certain growth factors accelerate recovery of renal function. EGF receptor (EGFR) expression increases following acute renal injury, and administration of exogenous EGF accelerates recovery. Expression of another EGFR ligand, HB-EGF, increases in the kidney following

Ribosome and RNA Structure and Function: At the present time, more needs to be learned about ribosome structure such as particle surface structure, amount and nature of RNA exposed, and RNA functions to fully understand the mechanism and regulation of protein synthesis. The aim of the proposed work is to gain information on the structure and function of Escherichia coli ribosomes, in particular, the nature of the exposed RNA on the surface of the ribosomes and the role of the RNA in protein synthesis. One approach to

[unreadable] [unreadable] Progression of mammary carcinogenesis involves numerous alterations in signaling pathways and transcription factors. We are studying two types of nuclear receptor ligands, a novel vitamin D receptor ligand (a non- hypercalcemic Gemini vitamin D analog) and a PPARg ligand (a unique triterpenoid), for inhibition of breast cancer progression. Our preliminary data show that Gemini vitamin D analogs and triterpenoids regulate the Smad signaling pathway and synergize to inhibit the proliferation of cultured

Complex genetic traits are those whose pattern of inheritance does not follow Mendelian patterns, due to decreased penetrance and multiple, interacting genes influencing the trait. As many common inherited diseases show complex patterns of inheritance, methods for finding the genes underlying complex genetic traits is especially important in human genetics. This problem is particularly pronounced when epistasis (gene interaction) is taken into account. Two approaches to this problem are scanning markers across the whole genome for association with the disease and first using functional analysis to generate a list

The overall objective of the proposed project is to augment an on- going-but still in the design phase-projected longitudinal study of children and youth (age "cohorts" of 7, 9, 11, 13, and 15 years of age) with a research component that focuses directly on drug use. The specific objectives include 1) to more adequately examine the developmental process and factors surrounding initiation into drug use and factors associated with the prevention of initial drug use; 2) a focused examination of the

Successful development of a vaccine against HIV will likely require the induction of both antibody and/or cellular immune responses sufficient to prevent infection or disease respectively following infectious challenge. Recent work analyzing HIV specific antibody responses from infected individuals has shown that broadly neutralizing antibodies are directed at several sites on the HIV Env. Moreover, several of these antibodies have unique characteristics such as a high rate of somatic mutation and/or long CDRH3 regions. Thus, improving antigen design and understanding the in vivo mechanisms that control the maturation

The purpose of this study is to determine whether HPA activity, as measured by ACTH release, is higher in depressed than control subjects. As ACTH is subject to negative glucocorticoid feedback on the pituitary, accurate measurement of HPA activity requires removal of the negative feedback by blocking adrenal production of cortisol with metyrapone. Part I of this study will examine the circadian secretory profiles of ACTH and cortisol in depressed vs. control subjects under both masked (baseline) and unmasked (m

DESCRIPTION (Principal Investigator's Abstract): Some populations ingesting low protein-high salt diets show a high incidence of end stage renal failure due to glomerulonephritis, diabetes, and hypertension. This proposal focuses on the role of maternal dietary protein and salt on progeny susceptibility to cardiovascular injury induced by renal ablation. The overall hypothesis postulates that the variability to renal injury and uremic death in an individual could be modified by the levels of maternal dietary protein and salt during perinatal life. Specifically

Dr. West's career goal is to become a physican-scientist proficient in the translational study of mechanisms of pulmonary host defense, with a focus on bacterial respiratory infections, major causes of morbidity and mortality around the world. This career development application describes an integrated curriculum with two main objectives. The first objective is to provide the candidate with an in-depth knowledge of lung biology and immunology, and expanded training in laboratory methods to facilitate his career development toward independence. The second objective is to define

Tobacco use is responsible for over 440,000 preventable deaths in the United States each year, and is a primary risk factor for lung and other cancers, chronic lung disease, heart disease, and stroke. Interventions to reduce tobacco use are highly effective and cost-effective compared to other commonly-provided preventive services and are considered the gold standard for preventive services. Extensive smoking cessation follow-up after hospital discharge significantly increases abstinence. Yet, efforts have largely been unsuccessful at integrating treatment into

In 1997, the Panel Study of Income Dynamics (PSID) will be supplementing its core data collection with data on parents and their 0- to 12-year-old children, the PSID Parent-Child Survey. The objective is to provide researchers with a comprehensive, nationally representative, and longitudinal data base of children and their families with which to study the dynamic process of early human capital formation. The additions include the following: (i) reliable, age graded assessments of the cognitive, behavioral,

Studies in anesthesia, using the neurological mutants of Drosophila melanogaster, Hk1, Hk2, Sh5 and Eag and several double mutants will be continued. It is planned to determine the relation of their sensitivity to ether, which results in the "shaking" phenotype to the anesthetic and lethal effects of that agent. These will be compared to effects produced by other non-hydrogen-bonding agents. The double mutant, Eag Sh5, will be used in order to

The natural history of prostate cancer represents an intriguing variation of the multistep process of carcinogenesis. It is clearly established that life-threatening prostate cancer results from low- frequency progression of the common, often microscopic, but clinically insignificant latent form of the disease and not the inexorable growth associated with most small malignancies. Interestingly, both genetic and environmental factors appear to be associated with this rate limiting step. We have observed genetic differences in the susceptibility to ras+myc- induced carcinogenesis using the mouse prostate recon

This project is involved in many aspects of support for the National Cancer Institute, NCI, Center for Cancer Research, CCR. Projects which we develop and or maintain include the following: Labmatrix, a tissue research and inventory system for management for both the collection and storage of tissues, as well as data resulting from the research analysis of the tissues. iRIS, a protocol lifecycle management system used for all CCR human and animal protocols as well as DCEG Special Studies IRB managed protocols CCR

Anti-CD6 monoclonal antibodies and immunotoxins have been used as immunosuppressive therapies for the treatment of renal allograft rejection and graft-versus-host disease. In particular, purging of donor marrow with anti-CD6 reagents has prevented graft-versus-host disease without significantly lowering the incidence of engraftment in allogeneic bone marrow transplantation. Thus, such reagents may be of important therapeutic value in treatment of malignancies and other disorders by allogeneic bone marrow transplantation. There is thus far

The goal of the proposed research is to characterize mechanisms of innate immunity in the small intestine. Cryptdins are Paneth cell defensins, microbicidal peptides that are released continually into the small intestinal lumen. The specific objectives of this proposal are focused at defining the mechanisms of cryptdin action and the regulation of their synthesis. Six mouse cryptdins have been characterized, and they are potent antimicrobial agents with selective activities against varied target microbes. In addition to the six known peptides, fourteen novel crypt

The polymorphic lipophoshoglycan (LPG) present on the surface of Leishmania promastigotes mediates binding to the sand fly vector midgut, and accounts for species restricted vector competence. The LPGs of L. major strains from West Africa were found to lack side chains that terminate in beta-linked galactose, explaining their failure to bind to midguts of P. papatasi, and their reliance on P. duboscqi for natural transmission. An L.

Our major aim of this research project is to determine how the conformation of a circular DNA molecule affects its template activity in the Escherichia coli RNA polymerase catalyzed reaction. Specifically we intend to determine whether the same sites of initiation are used on the active form of PM2 DNA containing 50 negative supercoils as are used on an inactive form containing no supercoils. Analyses will be made of initial nucleotide sequences of the RNAs and of the identity of regions on DNA to which these RNAs are complementary. In addition

Translesion synthesis is a fundamental cellular defense mechanism that enables DNA replication across lesion sites in order to promote cell survival at the cost of replication fidelity. Such a process directly contributes to cancer cell survival and the development of cancer drug resistance after chemotherapy. The eukaryotic Y-family polymerase Rev1 is an essential scaffolding protein in translesion synthesis, and its C-terminal domain (CTD), which interacts with translesion polymerases ?, ?, ? and ?, is absoltely required

Magnetic resonance (MR) instruments provide critical noninvasive imaging tools to many biomedical researchers. The existing 9.4-T, 31-cm bore MR system, which was funded by one of the first NCRR High-End Instrumentation grant mechanisms (S10 RR17239) in 2002, was obtained from Varian Inc. (Palo Alto, CA), and delivered in February 2003. The aim of this proposal is to upgrade the analog console interfaced to our 9.4-

Every year firefighters are killed in the line of duty due to the strenuous nature and environmental conditions they must work in. Our goal is to develop a bio-electronic monitoring system that will inform Incident Commanders (IC) in real time when personnel are in trouble and when they must discontinue their duties to avoid endanger themselves and team members. Extreme Endeavors and Consulting will work with the US Army, Natick Soldier Center (NSC) to develop a monitoring

DESCRIPTION (Taken from the applicant's abstract): The PanAmerican Society for Pigment Cell Research (PASPCR) was established in 1987 for scientists and physicians from North, Central and South America who study the normal and abnormal biology of melanogenesis and the melanocyte. The PASPCR was started at the beginning of a decade in biological research. Molecular biology has become widely applied and the methods and techniques for investigation have changed dramatically. It is now time to expand the horizon of the society, by

The ultimate goals of the University of Chicago CTSA program are to train scientists and health care providers at the University, our partner institutions, and our Community to determine the molecular underpinnings of disease or disease predisposition in any individual patient; to develop, test, implement, and make readily available to residents in our Community personalized therapies directed toward those individual underpinnings; and to do this in a way that is rigorous, valid, efficient, ethical, and respectful of our Community's needs and values

The goal of our research program is to understand the mechanisms of regulation of biological activity in macromolecular complexes through structural analysis, using X-ray crystallography as our primary tool. (1) Adeno-associated virus (AAV) Rep. Only one animal virus, AAV, integrates its genome into a particular location in human chromosomal DNA. This unique property has important implications for the targeted delivery of genes in the context of gene therapy vectors. Viral integration requires the AAV Rep protein, a

This is a multidisciplinary investigation of normal aging in the rhesus monkey. The goal is to discover the cascade of events that constitute the pathogenic mechanisms of normal aging in the primate cerebral cortex. Our investigations show that cognitive impairments appear by 20 years of age but range from mild to severe. Thus, some animals are severely impaired while others ~successfully~ age. Surprisingly, we find that cortical neurons are not lost and synapse numbers in cortex appear to be preserved. In contrast, some subc

The long term objective of this research is to unravel the genetic mechanisms underlying human disease traits that have a multifactorial etiology. The project proposes to (1) extend the theoretical development of statistical methods for the genetic analysis of human pedigree data, with emphasis on linkage analysis, (2) develop standardized computer programs based on these theoretical methods (3) develop a more extensive map of the human genome, (4) analyze family and pedigree data, and (5) maintain a computer dedicated to genetic

This proposal requests funds for the acquisition of two mass spectrometers, the Perseptive DE STR and the Finnigan LC-Q instruments, plus the nanoelectrospray ionization source for both the Finnigan LC-Q and the existing Sciex API-III mass spectrometers, for the analysis of biological molecules for research programs at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. The instruments will be used within the context of an established, productive resource laboratory with documented experience in interfacing mass spectrometry to basic biomedical

This is a renewal application to sustain and enhance opportunities for intensive basic, translational and clinical research training in nephrology and related disciplines. After establishing an endowed Chair in the Division into which Dr. Chertow was recruited, the Dean and Department Chair have committed to double the size of the Division of Nephrology from six to 12 or more research-oriented faculty members over the next five years. With a new Program Director, Executive Committee and expanded Training Faculty, we are respectfully requesting re-expansion of

Research into the biochemical and behavioral effects of two classes of drugs of abuse, stimulants and hallucinogens, has concentrated on the role of the catecholamines and indoleamines, respectively, as possible neurotransmitters mediating the behavioral effects of these drugs. However, recent work has suggested that these drugs all share dopaminergic agonistic actions. Furthermore, previous research on the dopaminergic effects of cocaine, amphetamine, LSD, and mescaline has concentrated on the nigro-striatal dopamine system with

Twenty-two UCLA faculty members from eight different departments request continued funding for a Training Program in Cellular Neurobiology. This Program has been supported by NIH since 1968 and currently involves 29 predoctoral and 39 postdoctoral trainees, of whom two predoctoral and four postdoctoral positions are funded by the Training Grant. Trainees will be predoctoral students, Ph.D.s or M.D.s, who exhibit unusual potential and commitment to establishing productive careers in neurobiology research

The overarching goal of this proposal is to characterize the protein machinery that mediates trafficking of postsynaptic membrane proteins critical for synaptic plasticity. Endo- and exocytosis of membrane proteins are critical trafficking steps in all cells, but are especially dynamic and finely tuned in neurons. Unlike presynaptic endocytosis and synaptic vesicle recycling, the precise molecular processes that underlie postsynaptic trafficking still remain poorly defined. Little is known about how specific receptors are removed from the protein scaffolding complex at the postsynaptic density (PS

We are interested in understanding the relative contribution, and the spatial/cellular specificity of the different neurosignaling pathways to the HDR elicited by functional brain stimulation. The working hypothesis is that increases in CBF are mediated by substances released by the parenchyma that act on the cerebral vessels and regulate their tone. The outstanding questions are: (i) which substances are released by what cells and under which circumstances? (ii) What is the spatial specificity of with respect to the cortical architecture? [unreadable]

Systems-biology methods based on co-expression (co-exp) networks are powerful tools for understanding complex diseases. In a co-exp network, nodes represent genes, edges represent significant correlations between pairs of genes, and a module of connected nodes captures possible functional associations among the genes. Co-exp network methods have been successfully applied to understanding genetic architecture of human population and mechanisms of complex diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease and diabetes. Despite their success in biological and medical applications, the current co

Latent Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) infection is associated with nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC), which expresses the EBV antigens LMP1, LMP2, EBNA1 and BARF1, all potential targets for immunotherapy. Investigators in Project 4 (S. Gottschalk and H. Heslop) and elsewhere have shown that administration of EBV-specific cytotoxic T cells (EBV-CTLs) is safe and has antitumor activity, and that clinical responses correlate

During osteoblast differentiation, transcription activation of the osteocalcin gene is accompanied by the presence of two nuclease- hypersensitive sites in the promoter region of this gene, both representing key transcriptional regulatory elements. AML gene products have been known to play a role in regulating basal and tissue specific expression of osteocalcin gene in bone cells. In the current research proposal, the investigators will examine the role of transcription regulatory elements including the three AML binding sites in modeling the chromatin organization. Specific aim one is designed

Patient status measures appear quite useful in the prognosis and monitoring of outcomes in chronic disease. In rheumatology, functional and psychological indices derived from two-page clinical self-report questionnaires have been shown to provide meaningful clinical information. The indices have offered measurable insight into the psychosocial problems of patients that clinicians always acknowledged were of great importance, but had no simple way to assess. They have also been demonstrated to document and predict longterm functional declines, work disability, and mortality in rheumatic diseases. These self-

Cellular sphingolipid derivatives-ceramides, sphingosine (and other sphingoid bases), and spingosine 1-phosphates are bioactive signaling molecules known to regulate cell growth and apoptosis. Protein Phosphatase 2A (PP2A) is a major cellular phosphatase also shown to function in the regulation of both cell proliferation and apoptosis; in addition, it has been identified as a target of ceramide's pro-apoptotic effects. Ceramide is known to activate PP2A

Administration Personnel Suzanne Simon is Administrator of the Cancer Center. She has more than ten years of experience as coordinator of the equipment and facilities of the Cancer Center, as well as extensive experience as a Research Assistant in the Molecular and Cell Biology Laboratory. Her responsibilities include negotiating and overseeing service contracts for shared instruments, arranging for maintenance and repair, surveying the needs of users for equipment, arranging purchases of new and replacement equipment, supervising the installation of equipment and the training of users, maintaining

Hemophilia B occurs in 1:30,000 males and is associated with a life-long bleeding diathesis. Although IV injection of Factor IX can prevent or stop bleeding, this treatment is inconvenient, expensive, and can transmit infections. Hepatic gene therapy could permanently correct the clinical manifestations of hemophilia. Retroviral vectors (RV) can result in long-term and therapeutic levels of expression of coagulation factors from the liver in rodents, and are currently being used in a clinical trial for Hem

The overall purpose of this research proposal is to examine the role of the limbic system in hypothalamic aggression. The first phase of the research project attempts to determine how the limbic system and related cortical structures modulate attack behavior elicited by electrical stimulation of the hypothalamus. The principal paradigm involves presentation of paired trials of single (hypothalamic) and dual (limbic plus hypothalamic) stimulation. Differences in response latency between paired trials of single and dual stimulation provide the basis for determining the effects of limbic

The proposed career development award is designed to support the transition of Dr. Adam L. Hersh into an independent physician-scientist using comparative-effectiveness research (CER) methods applied to a patient- centered outcomes research (PCOR) agenda that is dedicated to improving the appropriateness, quality, and safety of antibiotic use of in pediatric care. Dr. Hersh is a pediatric infectious diseases specialist at he University of Utah. The next steps in his career development are to gain advanced skills in quality

The goal of the Tissue Culture Facility is to provide all UNC Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center Members with expert services and quality controlled and innovative materials required for basic and clinical research involving in vitro cell culture and molecular biology needs. TCF services include four main "divisions": Cell Culture (services and products), Clinical Support (through its Immortalization of Human Bcells using EBV and banking of patient samples in its Genetic Repository), Molecular Biology Materials Support (over 700 items available conveniently on site and 75

Project Summary Effective cellular quality control is crucial for cellular homeostasis and cardiac health. Defects in the pathways that regulate the removal of damaged proteins and organelles contribute to heart failure. Autophagy is well known for its role in removing protein aggregates and organelles; however, it has recently been found that the small GTPase Rab5 and early endosomes also participate in Parkin-mediated mitochondrial clearance. Beclin1 is a scaffolding protein which can form distinct PI3K protein complexes to regulate different

The measurement of various biological parameters by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry will include measurement of HVA, 5-HIAA, and MHPG in the CSF. We will also measure secondary amines and primary amines from imipramine and amitriptyline. The implementation of the clinical study of depressed patients and of comparison patients with regard to their therapeutic response to tricyclic medication given blindly will be continued. The final methods for assaying and assessing stability of the tricyclics and

Certain connective tissue diseases appear to be the consequence of cell mediated immune reactions. Our current investigations focus on the mechanisms by which lymphoid cells may regulate connective tissue metabolism in normal and pathological conditions associated with inflammatory reactions. Depletion of lymphoid cells in rheumatoid arthritis patients by continuous flow-cell separation (lymphophoresis results in clinical improvement in certain patients. Furthermore, in an experimental rat model, the appearance of arthritis appears to require recovery of lymphoid cell function following streptococcal cell wall induced immunosuppression, further defining

An apparatus for perfusion of isolated rat hearts has been developed which circulates a buffered blood analog. This device is used to investigate biochemical and physiological parameters of the heart including blood pressure, pulse pressure, cardiac output, tissue pH and others. The system allows investigators to induce temporary cardioplegia, during which pharmacologic agents may be introduced into the modes of operation: working heart, ischemia (both warm and cold) and Langendorf aortic perfusion. Comparing the pre- and post-plegic parameters

Dendritic cells (DCs) orchestrate either tolerance or immunity. At the heart of this important function lies phagocytosis, which allows DCs to sample the tissue microenvironment and deliver its constituents into endocytic compartments in a process called phagosome maturation. Two important outcomes of phagosome maturation are major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II presentation and cross-presentation, both of which have important consequences on the activation of CD4 and CD8 T cells, respectively. Cross- presentation allows DCs to

Quantum dots (qdots) have emerged as new fluorescent, non-isotopic labels that are thought to have unmatched potentials as novel intravascular probes for both diagnostic (e.g., biological imaging) and therapeutic purposes (e.g., drug delivery). This application capitalizes on the progress we have made in the first 5 years of BRP funding, aiming to bring qdots one step closer to routine use in pre-clinical and clinical models. Towards this goal, we will perform detailed

Infection with Bacillus anthracis leads to bleeding, tissue swelling, and thrombosis, contributing significantly to illness and death from anthrax. Therefore, our long-term objective is to develop therapies targeting vascular damage underlying these events. To establish the scientific basis for these therapies, this proposal will use a murine model to characterize anthrax-induced vascular damage at a structural and molecular level. In the first aim, we will define the ultrastructural basis for acute vascular damage through histological time course studies

The molecular machinery that governs circadian rhythmicity is comprised of transcriptional translational feedback loop whereby clock1 gene products inhibit their own transcription. Experimental manipulation of rhythms by brain lesions altered lighting environments and timed nutritional restriction can affect tumor growth and survival times in laboratory rodent models. It has been shown that aberrant circadian rhythmicity correlates with an increased risk of cancer development and with decreased survival statistics in diagnosed cancer patients. [unreadable] [unreadable] Using newly developed bioluminescent mouse tumor models, bioluminescent prostate

Research Triangle Institute (RTI) proposes to serve as the Data Coordinating Center (DCC) for the NICHD Global Network for Women's and Children's Health Research (GN). The strong, experienced team of scientists who have led the GN DCC for the past 5 years will continue this effort. Responsibilities of the DCC will include (1) coordinating overall study activities;(2) providing biostatistical and data management leadership;(3) participating in study design and protocol

The use of laboratory animals in both teaching and research will continue to be an important component of the commitment of Vanderbilt University to develop better health care and to the education of physicians and other health care professionals. The obligation to provide facilities to facilitate these goals is recognized by the University. This proposal is concerned with improvements in the physical facilities of an existing animal surgery laboratory, owned and operated by the Department of Surgery, in an effort to provide facilities which are consistent with current accepted standards. This proposal is the

We propose to study the mechanisms of pituitary hormone release and production in vitro. The role of calcium in the mechanisms of hormone release will be studied by estimating the effect of releasing agents on calcium flux and eventually intracellular calcium distribution, by correlating changes in calcium metabolism with hormone release and by studying the role of Na ion,K ion-ATPase and active membrane transport in hormone release. Metabolic requirements for hormone release and the role of Adenosine 3',5-monophosphate in hormone release will

Spermtaogenesis is a complex, highly ordered process of cell division and differentiation by which spermatogonial stem cells give rise to large numbers of mature spermatozoa. It is an essential determinant of fertility in all mammals, playing a fundamental role in the perpetuation of the human species, maintaining its genetic diversity and driving evolution. Successful completion depends on a precisely orchestrated cascade of developmentally regulated genes controlling and coordinating mitotic spermatogonial cell proliferation, meiotic chromosomal reduction divisions and finally morphological differentiation

The adaptive immune response is initiated by T cell-antigen presenting cell interactions in lymph nodes and the spleen during a 2-3 day period. The regulation of this interaction is likely to play a key role in the T cell proliferation and differentiation in normal immune responses and pathological processes such as autoimmunity. We have developed a hypothesis based on a T cell receptor (TCR) mediated stop signal and stable immunological synapse as the first stage in T cell activation. We have also discovered that this stop

The nucleoside analogue, 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (DAC) is an investigational agent for the treatment of sickle cell anemia as well as advanced human malignancies. When administered, DAC is incorporated into the DNA of replicating cells. In DNA, DAC can act as an inhibitor of cytosine methyltransferase, resulting in the reactivation of the fetal hemoglobin gene in sickle cell anemia and tumor suppressor genes in human cancer. In addition to its effects on DNA methylation, DAC

Controlled release combination therapy, in a local delivery environment, could potentially provide greater efficacy and less toxicity than single drug therapy. The judicious selection of combination protocols, based on a solid understanding of each drug's specific mechanism(s) of action, co-durg interactions, and release would assist in identifying potentially synergistic regimens. We will use polymer and copolymer systems based on rational assessment of drug-polymer, durg-drug, and paired-associated interactions to optimize the co-release of selected

Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is the most common type of acquired brain injury in both children and adults. To date, most of our insight into the pathology and treatment of TBI has focused on the regional physiology that occurs following trauma. Our knowledge about what happens at the cellular and molecular level following such injuries, however, is limited. Recently, endogenous neural stem cells have been implicated in the cellular remodeling that occurs following various types of brain injury. We recently demonstrated, using a mouse model of TBI

The proposed research on pancreatic cancer involves the use of human pancreatic carcinoma in continuous culture as an experimental model with the following objectives in mind: 1. In our attempts to identify a tumor specific antigen, we have produced antiserum in rabbits against cultured pancreatic carcinoma cells and have demonstrated the presence of a common antigen in our cell line and in several pancreatic carcinomas obtained at autopsy. We have also demonstrated the presence of this antigen in sera of patients with pancreatic cancer. We are now in the process of determining further

Pulmonary vascular disease is a relatively neglected area of vascular medicine despite the fact that pulmonary thromboembolic disease alone affects over 500,000 people a year in the United States and accounts for over 50,000 deaths. Pulmonary hypertension secondary to common problems such as COPD and interstitial fibrosis also affects large numbers of patients, yet little is known about its causes or appropriate management. The large number of specialties dealing with these diseases has, in part, led to a lack of focus on the overall problem

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. Primary support for the subproject and the subproject's principal investigator may have been provided by other sources, including other NIH sources. The Total Cost listed for the subproject likely represents the estimated amount of Center infrastructure utilized by the subproject, not direct funding provided by the NCRR grant to the subproject or subproject staff. Wide-angle x-ray solution

Of the four eukaryotic structural maintenance of chromosomes (SMC) proteins, the yeast SMC1 and SMC3 proteins were recently shown to be required for mitotic and meiotic sister chromatid cohesion and DNA recombination. Very little is known on the role of mammalian SMC proteins in meiosis, and no cell- or tissue-specific variant of SMC proteins has been reported. This proposal focuses on the cellular, molecular, and organismal analysis of a novel, meiosis-specific SMC protein identified by us,

Type 2 diabetes is associated with obesity and elevated plasma levels of free fatty acids (FFA) and triacylglycerides (TAG). Obesity is also associated with the development of insulin resistance in insulin-sensitive tissues that results in hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. b-cell failure in obesity-associated type 2 diabetes is believed to correlate with the intracellular accumulation of lipids that contribute to defects in insulin secretion and/or insulin and growth factor signaling necessary to maintain sufficient b-ceIl mass. The

Most pathogens enter the body at mucosal surfaces, yet, to date, the majority of licensed vaccines are injected parenterally, predominantly intramuscularly. While excellent at eliciting systemic immunity, they do not always induce the required mucosal immune responses. This highlights a gap in our understanding of how immunization may be manipulated to elicit mucosal immune responses and how such knowledge might be exploited to create better vaccines for mucosal pathogens. Defining the role that adjuvants play in this response is key to developing such

Uncovering molecular mechanism of inner ear/lateral line hair cells functioning and development is the aim of this study. It will be among the first efforts to systematically screen through the zebrafish mutants generated by an insertional mutagenesis screen that is near completion in the Dr. Nancy Hopkins laboratory. This screen has identified over 500 genes which, when mutated, disrupts early development. Some of these genes have been identified as having a role in different part of nervous system development. These mutants will provide a fertile ground

Emerging from a broad interest in the biological functions of the complement system, this proposal focuses on the cytolytic action of human complement from two standpoints: (1) the reciprocal interplay between the C5b-9 membrane attack mechanism and properties of a target membrane influencing susceptibility to lysis; (2) the lysis-inhibiting action of human high density lipoproteins (HDL) and their apoproteins on the terminal events of complement (C) lysis. Within this framework we propose a detailed, quantitative

Inflammatory bowel diseases (ulcerative colitis and Crohn's) are chronic inflammatory conditions of the colon. Approximately 4 million people world-wide are affected and are at increased colon cancer risk. Conventional treatment of colitis can reduce periods of active disease and help to maintain remission, but these treatments are often associated with side effects and have marginal results. Sphingolipids are being increasingly recognized as key mediators of cell activation, differentiation and proliferation, and are known to mediate the effects of pro-inflammatory

DESCRIPTION: The existence of latent reservoirs of HIV-infected cells constitutes the major impediment towards viral eradication. HIV-1 latent reservoirs are small, but extremely long-lived. Latent infection is associated with undetectable levels of viral gene expression and appears to be non-cytopathic. However, upon reactivation, latent viruses enter an active mode of replication in which they are fully competent for spread and induction of disease. The current thinking in the field is that a combination of hypothetical

Effects of new anticancer drugs on cell growth, cell cycle progression, cell viability and cell differentiation will be investigated on: A) three different cell lines (L1210 murine leukemia, Friend murine erythroleukemia, Chinese hamster ovary (CH0) cells); B) normal human lymphocytes stimulated by mitogen; and C) multicellular tumor spheroid (V79 cells). The different cell models were chosen to distinguish drug actions that are universal from actions affecting a specific cell type, to compare

Bile secretion is a major hepatic function, frequently impaired in diseases of the liver resulting in cholestasis, and occasionally resulting in progressive liver injury and death. Previous studies from this laboratory in the past 11 years relating to mechanisms of bile formation and cholestasis have led to the development of a testable model of bile secretion and two new techniques, a highly purified isolated canalicular membrane preparation and an isolated hepatocyte couplet system that now permit direct access to the excretory membrane of the hepat

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. There is a need for early information on the safety and immunogenicity of H1N1 influenza vaccination on patients with asthma, especially those

We aim to understand the molecular pathogenesis of pediatric high-grade gliomas (HGG). This disease represents approximately 20% of pediatric central nervous system tumors and 70-90% of patients survive less than 2 years. These dismal statistics highlight the need to identify appropriate molecular targets for HGG to develop novel therapies for children. Unfortunately, the limited knowledge regarding the genetic characteristics of pediatric HGG has hindered the efforts to design more effective treatments, which are primarily based on findings from adult HGG.

The goals of this project are to define methods to induce primitive, quiescent human hematopoietic stem cells (HSC) to enter cell cycle, and to determine the associated phenotyping and molecular changes that occur in vitro and in vivo. Cell cycle induction of both CD45+/CD34+/lin- and CD45+/CD34-/lin cells will be evaluated in side-by-side comparisons in vitro and in vivo in immune deficient mice. Bone marrow recovered from long-term engrafted be

The alarming rise in esophageal adenocarcinoma incidence over the past 3 decades coupled with a poor prognosis make this cancer an important national public health issue. Adenocarcinoma of the esophagus arises in Barrett's esophagus, a pre- neoplastic metaplastic transformation of the squamous epithelium that is closely associated with gastroesophageal reflux. We, and others, have found that Barrett's esophagus and esophageal adenocarcinoma are independently linked to obesity. The increased incidence of these diseases is partially attributable to a pandemic of obesity in this country

. The Administrative Core, comprising the Director, the Program Coordinator and the administrative manager, will provide oversight for the program. They will prepare and administer all aspects of the budget and provide progress reports to the NIH. They will provide support to the other four cores of the Center, and oversee compliance with biosafety regulations, as well as the security of materials, data and facilities. Administrative support personnel will also perform day-to-day activities and operations of the Center such as organization of seminars,

Project Summary - Core B The Thrombosis Models Core (Core B) will serve as a resource for all projects that include animal studies. The Core will provide the resources and expertise to facilitate the design, execution and interpretation of several thrombosis models. Among the models included are: 1) FeCl3 or rose Bengal-induced injury of the mouse carotid artery in which thrombus formation is monitored by measuring blood flow through the carotid artery using a Doppler flow probe; 2) Laser, micropuncture, or

Bipolar disorder (BP) is a serious psychiatric condition that affects 0.5 -1.5% of individuals in America. The age of onset of BP is during the initial childbearing years. Seventy percent of women with established BP will suffer recurrent episodes post-birth. Continuous medication administration is the mainstay of treatment for BP. Although the information available to physicians who treat pregnant women with unipolar depression has increased over the past decade, data to inform decisions about treatment of BP has not advanced

In order to identify proteins required for the mitosis-to-interphase transition in fission yeast several temperature sensitive (ts) lethal mutants that are unable to execute this transition have been isolated. One such mutant is defective in, piml, a guanine nucleotide exchange factor for the spil GTPase. Interestingly, overexpression of spil rescues the lethality of a mutation in piml. Another mutant, temporarily named A4, does not have a mutation in piml, but

This application proposes to enhance the Paul Calabresi Clinical & Translational Oncology Training Program at the Hollings Cancer Center (HCC) of the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC) ? referred to as the HCC Calabresi K12 Program. The Hollings Cancer Center is the only NCI-designated cancer center in the State of South Carolina. Development of innovative and impactful clinical and translational research in hematologic and solid tumor malignancies is the top strategic goal for

Electrical response to sound stimuli are generated by human brainstem structures. These responses are of 2 types; those evoked by clicks (BER) and those by tones (FFR). Both are the subject of this research. One of our goals is to compare the BER and FFR obtained from normal infants, children and adults with those of clinical patients in the same age groups, and to identify the pathology-dependent differences that will be useful in clinical situations. The other goal is to design and construct

The longterm objectives of this proposal are: 1) to define the regulating mechanisms of hepatic and systemic hemodynamics in liver disease, and determine in which patients pharmacologic manipulation is beneficial to hepatic function: and 2) to initiate study of the hemodynamics of the denervated, transplanted liver. The first objective will be achieved in two phases. Firs, a prospective randomized trial will be conducted in patients with alcoholic cirrhosis after distal splenorenal shunt. This will test the hypothesis that reduction of

Humans turn over grams/day of hyaluronic acid (hyaluronan, HA), which is an important structural component of vertebrate extracellular matrices. HA also elicits diverse biological effects, and is increasingly being recognized as a pharmacologic agent capable of modulating cellular responses and behavior. HA is involved in metastasis and wound healing, in diseases such as rheumatoid- and osteoarthritis, and is a virulence factor for Streptococcus pyogenes, an important human pathogen. The increasing use of HA in clinical

This proposal will extend our observation that onion and garlic oils inhibit the promotion of mouse skin tumorigenesis. The major goal is to identify the active components of these oils. Onion and garlic oils are composed of aliphatic di- and tri-sulfides which can be obtained commercially or by synthesis. These components will be tested for their ability to inhibit promotion. The active components will be tested for their ability to inhibit initiation, first and second stage promotion, tumorigenesis by a complete skin carcinogen, and tumorigenesis in

We use a targeted approach to discover biomarkers for assay development. First, markers for cancer detection and disease stratification are identified by comparing the transcriptomes, or gene expression, of cell types within tumors to those of their normal counterpart. Cell type-specific transcriptomes are determined via cell isolation from tissue specimens using antibodies to cell surface CD antigens followed by expression analysis using Affymetrix DNA arrays. Second, tumor upregulated genes encoding extracellular/secreted proteins are selected. The gene AGR2 showed a comparatively

This project involves the application of the "one-bead one-compound" encoded small molecule combinational library method and chemical microarray technique to study functional proteomics. Five enormous libraries of small molecule ligands (a total of over 1 million compounds) will be generated and screened against whole cell extracts derived from a B lymphoma cell line (Ramos). Billions of possible molecular interactions will be examined concurrently. Beads containing compounds that bind to cellular proteins or protein complexes will be isolated and the

The overall goal of this project is to promote the accessibility and dissemination of biomedical information so that the research community can better leverage existing knowledge. Science is most efficient when hypotheses are based on the entirety of knowledge available to date. Unfortunately, up-to-date and comprehensive access to relevant knowledge is rarely achieved. This proposals put a particular emphasis on illuminating biomedical ?dark data.? By analogy to the dark matter that is unaccounted for in the universe, dark data is defined by being unseen or underutil

Traditional methods for studying human coronary artery disease have significant limitations. Angiography allows evaluation only of the geometry of the unobstructed part of the lumen; it cannot provide information on the structural of the arterial wall, which is essential to understand the processes leading to plaque rupture. In addition, limitations associated with the projection of three dimensional (3D) structures onto a planar image further hinder this approach. Although histological analysis directly evaluates atherosclerotic plaque composition, it cannot be used to identify plaques "at

The dorsal cochlear nucleus (DCN) is a site for rapid and early processing of spectrally complex sounds, and is the first point in the auditory system where auditory and non-auditory information converges. Increased spontaneous activity in the DCN after hearing loss has also been associated with tinnitus. Increased electrical excitability or decreased inhibition could lead to increased activity of DCN neurons, are thus potential mechanisms for tinnitus. While the responses of DCN principal neurons (pyramidal

The long-term objectives of this project are to delineate the molecular mechanisms of interpathway interactions between nucleotide excision repair (NER) and DNA damage checkpoints. NER and the damage checkpoints are two major components in cellular responses to DNA damage due to formation of bulky lesions induced by UV irradiation and various environmental genotoxic chemicals and carcinogens. Defects in these pathways have been directly correlated to human cancer prone deceases such as xeroderma pigmentosum (XP) and A

Increasing evidence supports a central role for the innate immune system in the host's response against viral infections. In particular, natural killer (NK) cells represent a critical early cytolytic effector cell subset that are able to spontaneously lyse virally infected cells without the need for prior antigen sensitization. In the context of HCV infection, a small number of studies have focused on this cell subset as these cells have been implicated in the early control of a number of viral infections, these cells are abundant within the

Colorectal tumors provide a unique opportunity to study the molecular events responsible for initiation and progression of a common human tumor type. Previous studies have shown that colorectal tumorigenesis is driven by sequential mutations of oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes. Though mutations in these genes have been well documented, knowledge about the effect of such mutations on the biology and physiology of colorectal tumor cells is rudimentary. We plan to exploit technologies recently developed in our laboratory, as well as classic genetic and biochemical methods, to further investigate three pathways

Post-divorce family reorganization and relationships are studied. Participants are 98 pairs of divorced spouses who have already participated in a study of divorce. The original sample was studied one year after divorce. The second interview occurs at three years post-divorce, and the third at five years post-divorce. The biological parents and their new spouses, it they have remarried, are interviewed. The goals are to determine whether major factors associated with child outcomes change over time as a result of specific post-

ABSTRACT Protein citrullination as an enzymatic post-translational modification (PTM) plays important roles in the onset and progression of many diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes and cardiovascular problems. Current citrullination studies have been primarily relying on immunohistochemistry and Western blotting techniques, and suffer from lack of effective methods for qualitative and quantitative analysis of citrullinated proteins in clinically relevant samples, limiting our understanding of this disease-related PTM. Mass spectrometry (MS)

Bacteria live in diverse and variable environments and constitute about half of the world's biomass. Free-living bacteria must adapt to daily and seasonal temperature changes; those living in host organisms experience temperature change during their transmission cycles, which usually include transient residence in the external environment (e.g. fecal-oral transmission). On the other hand, 90% of the oceans are 5C, adaptations that enable bacterial growth in the cold are essential for many bacteria. In toto, adaptation to temperature change is

DESCRIPTION: Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection is a major cause of chronic disease leading to cirrhosis, end stage liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma. Chronic hepatitis C is the leading indication for liver transplantation at the University of Washington Medical Center. Preliminary studies have indicated that infection is typically manifested by persistence of high titered viremia suggesting high levels of ongoing viral replication for prolonged periods of time in these patients. However, despite the increased levels of viral RNA in serum, the outcome of HCV

The emergence of extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) poses a growing threat to national and international biosecurity and to TB control achievements. Current standard indirect drug susceptibility testing (DST) takes up to 3 months to identify XDR-TB, undermining efforts to control XDR-TB. The University of California at San Diego has assembled an international team of TB experts from academia, public health, and industry to advance the development and evaluation of 3 rapid tests (i

Development of a functional and efficient nervous system requires the orchestrated migration and differentiation of axons and their associated glia. Motor axons connect the central nervous system (CNS) with targets in the periphery, including muscle. These axons interact with myelinating glial cells both in the CNS and peripheral nervous system (PNS). Ultimately, the differentiation of these two distinct glial populations forms a specialized structure known as the transition zone (TZ), which exists at every boundary between the spinal cord and periphery. Interestingly, at

The goal of this Phase II SBIR project is to develop and validate a laser diode stimulator to assess heat-sensitive Transient Receptor Potential (TRP) ion channels for in vitro and in vivo studies, using patch clamp recording and calcium imaging and compound action potential recording, respectively. This laser will be very useful for new drug discovery and evaluation, as there is currently no commercially available tool of similar capabilities. Evaluation of TRP family proteins can be useful in describing the potential utility of putative analgesic

Epigenetic processes interpret the genomic sequences in a cell-type and extracellular environment-dictated mode. Epigenetic information is encoded through covalent modifications of histones and DNA, nucleosome position and substitution by histone variants. Epigenetics is one of the most intensively studied fields of biology today and represents a new paradigm for the pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment of diseases. To advance epigenetic studies, we have introduced a novel chromatin immunoprecipitation platform, Matrix ChIP, that utilizes surface-immob

An increasing variety of diseases are being shown to be due to immunological processes, including diabetes, and now Alzheimer's disease (AD). AD is the most prevalent age-associated disease and growing evidence suggests that aspects of the innate immune system play a major role its progression. Based on this evidence, we propose a new approach to the treatment of AD by targeting key properties of the innate immune system involved in the progression of the disease. Microglia (or brain macrophages) are the resident immune cells of the

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. Educational Workshop on Multidimensional Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry at the Human Proteome Organization (HUPO;2009),

The proposed work concerns the chemical mechanism and physiological control of malic enzyme and fatty acid synthetase, two key enzymes involved in the de novo biosynthesis of fatty acids in living organisms. Fatty acid synthetase is a multienzyme complex composed of at least 7-8 enzyme components. Our goal is to delineate the spatial arrangement of enzyme components as well as the non-identical half-size subcomplexes in this highly organized molecule, and to ultimately decipher the chemical mechanism and

The general goal of the proposed work is to test a theory that links the COMT and GABRA2 genes to intermediate phenotypes, and, in turn, to the important clinical problem of relapse to substance abuse. It will test whether genes that have been empirically linked to substance dependence, and to measures of frontal brain function (viz., fast beta power in the spontaneous electroencephalogram and frontal P300a amplitude), also confer an increased risk for relapse to these disorders. The specific goals of the

Coronary arteriography is very essential for evaluating the state of the coronary arteries. It is used to assess the need for bypass surgery and angioplasty. It is also used subsequently for evaluating the success of these procedures on patients. A commercially viable system, called CARDIAC ASSIST, will be developed to provide the image processing, analysis and planning support for the health- care provider in real time. The system will be developed based on three major tasks. 1) The development and parallel

The long-term goal of this study is to understand the role in pathogenesis and immunity of an environmentally-regulated, in vivo expressed surface polysaccharide of Staphylococcus aureus chemically characterized as poly-N-succinyl-beta-1-6 glucosamine (PNSG). PNSG has previously been determined to be the protective capsular polysaccharide/adhesin (PS/A) antigen of Staphylococcus epidermidis, raising the possibility that PNSG could be used as a "

This proposal is a competitive renewal of the Penn State STEP-UP program initially funded in 2007. The program is designed to provide short-term experience and training in biomedical research for undergraduate students from racial/ethnic-underrepresented groups, and for students from disadvantaged backgrounds. W. Brian Reeves, M.D., Vice Chair of Medicine and Chief of Nephrology at Penn State will serve as Program Director. Progress under the current award period has been excellent. 127 students have matric

Minority researchers in the field of nursing are limited. The purpose of this proposal is to advance the principal investigator's (PI) competence in the research process, including research methodology, statistical and epidemiological methods, data management and analysis. The experience gained through this training grant will develop the PI into an independent investigator. Formal educational experiences will be predominately in the area of epidemiology and behavioral research methodologies. The PI will engage in research initiatives that will serve as a vehicle to further develop the necessary research skills

Aktiv-Dry LLC, in collaboration with Nabi Biopharmaceuticals, proposes to develop and evaluate in animal models the needle-free respiratory delivery of fine dry powder nicotine vaccine. While syringe and needle have been a common vaccine administration mechanism, international authorities recognize a growing requirement for alternative formulations and delivery systems, especially because of inadvertent disease from needle contamination, accidental needle-sticks, thermal instability of current formulations, and compliance with vaccination regimens. Nicotine is primarily responsible for the psychoactive

Develop predictive human cardiomyocyte-based all optical assay for cardiotoxicity. Cardiotoxicity is the leading cause of safety-driven withdrawal a all stages and limitation of drug compounds. The current cardiac safety paradigm nonclinical guidance ICH S7B focuses on in vitro hERG assays, which prove to be suboptimal in predicting a compound's cardiotoxicity in human. In the context of high cost and low productivity for new drug discovery, better cardiac safety evaluation becomes a significant public health issue. C

This study's long-term objective is to identify effective treatments for with neck pain. Many Americans have found conventional medical treatments ineffective for this common and costly problem and are increasingly trying complementary and alternative treatments, including therapeutic massage. Despite the growing popularity of massage, its effectiveness for treating neck pain remains unclear, largely because of the poor quality of research in this area. A major deficiency of previous studies has been their use of low "doses" of massage that massage therapists consider inadequate. Unfortunately, the numbers

Aging is associated with a decline in the ability of the individual to mount protective immune responses. Although it is clear that T cells and antigen-presenting cells have decreased function with age, we have shown that elderly individuals have intrinsic defects in B cells, compromising their responses to vaccines. These defects include the reduction in activation-induced cytidine deaminase (AID), necessary for class switch recombination and somatic hypermutation which are both required for the generation of optimal antibody responses and immunological memory.

DESCRIPTION: (Adapted from the applicant's Description) The overall aim of this application is to determine in vivo age-related changes of the GABAA receptor complex in children. A knowledge of GABAA receptor ontogeny is relevant in understanding the efficacy of pharmacological agents which bind to the GABAA receptor complex, as well as agents which alter brain GABA concentration. Changes in whole brain distribution of the GABAA receptor complex in vivo will be measured in children with epilepsy by applying

The long-term goal of this study is to understand the molecular mechanism by which a Hedgehog (Hh) protein gradient is generated in vertebrates. This information is key to understanding how a single signal elicits multiple responses in a temporally and spatially specific manner in vertebrates. In this regard, a central question in Hh signaling is to understand how a cholesterylated and palmitoylated, and thus membrane-anchored, Hh ligand, travels in the morphogenetic field

Project Summary Chronic inflammation has been associated with the development of malignancy since antiquity. For example, patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), a chronic inflammatory disease of the intestines, manifest as much as a six-fold increased risk of colorectal cancer over their lifetime compared to the general population. Importantly, the pathogenesis of these colitis-associated cancers is poorly understood, but appears to be distinct from sporadic colorectal cancers that occur in the general population. TNF-alpha induced protein 3 (TNFAIP

Recurrent HSV-I, due to reactivation of latent virus from sensory neurons, is a major cause of corneal blindness. LAT, the only viral transcript thought to be made during latency, is essential for efficient reactivation. Recently, a new viral transcript, AL, was found during latency. AL is anti-sense to LAT and produces a protein in infected rabbits. Since AL and LAT overlap, phenotypes previously attributed to LAT may be due to AL. Two hypotheses will be tested: AL plays a

Research Proposal: The long-term goal of this research is to define the role of CTLs in the control of EIAV, a lentivirus of horses which cause a persistent infection characterized by recurrent episodes of viremia with concurrent fever, thrombocytopenia, and anemia. Horses infected with EIAV eventually control the viremia and associated clinical disease, and remain lifelong inapparent carriers. Work using foals affected with severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) has shown that lymphocyte

Allergic reactions do not explain all the physiologic and clinical changes of asthma, however, an allergic background may increase responses to a second stimulus such as that seen during an infection. The interactions between allergic and infectious reactions may increase inflammation related to asthma. The overall hypothesis of this application is that the presence of a persistent Th2 inflammatory process, as seen in chronic asthma, enhances certain inflammatory and repair elements through primary suppression of prostaglandin (PG)-related pathways, while also inhibiting "appropriate" up-

PROJECT SUMMARY ? BIOMARKER CORE The Johns Hopkins University NIMH Center for Novel Therapeutics for HIV-associated Cognitive Disorders Biomarker Core will provide support for pre-clinical development and clinical testing associated with therapeutics to treat cognitive disorders in HIV-infected patients. This support will include a series of measures of neurobiological functions including cell stress, neuronal injury/protection, oxidative injury, energy metabolism, immune activation and insulin signaling. These measures will be used to support experimental outcome measures

The basal ganglia play a major role in the control of normal movement and coordination. Lesions of the basal ganglia result in movement disorders ranging from severe akinesia, rigidity and tremor to dystonia, chorea and ballismus. The symptomatology in any particular individual or disease process depends on the distinct subgroups of neurons affected. The inhibitory amino acid GABA, is the neurotransmitter for the vast majority of striatal, pallidal and substantia nigra neurons, excitatory amino acids (E

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. Although highly active anti-retroviral therapy (HAART) has markedly reduced the morbidity and mortality of HIV-infected children, the improved

The objectives of this research are to analyze cytotoxic T lymphocyte lines (CTLL) generated in vitro against murine plasmacytoma-associated antigens. CTLL have been generated from normal lymphoid cells by multiple stimulations with plasma cell tumors. These CTLL have been propagated in IL-2 and have been cloned to produce lines which are reactive with individual antigenic determinants. The first major emphasis of these investigations has been to use these cloned lines to study the complex array of tumor-associated antigens which have been

The objective of this project is to develop new candidate vaccines to elicit protective immune responses to HIV. Although antibodies that neutralize primary isolates of HIV-1 appear during HIV-1 infection, there has been difficulty in eliciting such antibodies by immunization with vaccines comprised of soluble HIV-1 Env antigens. Thus, a new form of antigen which closely resembles the virions present during infection may be more likely to elicit effective neutralizing antibodies to multiple HIV subtypes. We have demonstrated the production of SIV and SHIV

Taste thresholds increase with age but the increase is relatively small. Taste quality identification appears to be relatively normal in the elderly. Thus there is little indication of sensory abnormality and yet many elderly individuals complain that foods taste weak. A previously unevaluated abnormality in the taste systems of the aged could account for this. As a function of stimulus intensity, preceived taste intensity may grow abnormally slow in the aged so that foods which contain relatively strong concentrations of taste substances would taste weak compared to sensations remembered

Retinal degenerations are one of the most important causes of retinal dysfunction including blindness. The prevention and ultimately the cure of such diseases depends on understanding the cellular and molecular mechanisms responsible for the differentiation and maintenance of retinal cells. Formation of the retina requires orchestration of numerous complex cellular and molecular events. Cell division, migration, and differentiation result in a retina with well defined layers, each containing a limited number of cellular phenotypes. Generation of the appropriate number and type of cells is a complex problem and the cellular

DESCRIPTION (adapted from the Abstract): Three Rivers Area Health Education Center (AHEC) proposes a third phase of the TRIAD Project begun under an NLM Information Access grant. TRIAD III will add eight (8) new sites to the current twenty-six (26) sites funded under TRIAD I and TRIAD II and a NN/LM subcontract. TRIAD III will continue to be guided by the Learning Resources Committee and to focus on the same overall objectives of: 1)

Lens cell proliferation, differentiation and survival are tightly regulated to achieve the normal developmental pattern and structure of the lens. Growth factors are likely the key regulators of these cellular events, but very little is known about the growth factor signaling pathways in the lens. Ras is a small GTP-binding protein downstream of growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) and plays a critical role in growth factor signaling. In the last grant period, we demonstrated that Ras is required for cell proliferation but not for the initiation of

There are very few longitudinal study populations of Mexican-American and Anglo-American children and their parents which simultaneously investigate cardiovascular, behavioral and physiologic risk factors from preschool through early adolescence. Most of the studies of the determinants of diet and physical activity in children are cross-sectional. The current study population, still robust in cohort retention (nearly 68 percent after 7 years) will pass through adolescence in the next 3 years. This provides a unique opportunity to extend and combine the rich data already collected between ages

Glaucoma is the leading cause of irreversible blindness among African Americans (AA) who are more than three times more likely to develop glaucoma when compared to Caucasians. Changes associated with the progression of glaucoma can have a serious negative impact on an individual's quality of life, independence, and everyday functioning. Accumulating research indicates that pressure-reducing eye drops can significantly delay or prevent the onset of disease; however, such preventative efforts have been found to be limited due to problems with poor medication

We are performing case-control studies within a population-based registry of children with cerebral palsy (CP) born between 1983- 1985 in four northern California counties, and a cohort of very low birthweight children born 1988-1994. Work during FY98 included: (a) a study of ultramicroassay of blood constituents in newborn infants later recognized to have CP and controls, published October, 1998. This work was done in collaboration with Dr. JM Dambrosia (BFS

Antibody-based immunotherapy holds promise as an important strategy for the prevention and treatment of HIV infection. This treatment modality may be effective as a monotherapy or might be used to augment current regimens that target different steps in the HIV replication cycle. Critical to identifying and evaluating such therapies will be the development of relevant animal models in which new immunotherapies can be tested. The nonhuman primate models of AIDS have been extremely useful for clarifying mechanisms of disease pathogenesis, for evaluating new HIV vaccine strategies

The overall objective of the project is to increase the management capacity of a target group of North Carolina mental health child service professionals via systems technology in order to facilitate a planned and integrated network of child services at both the community and regional levels. The ten catchment areas composing the South Central Mental Health Region of N.C. are the target communities. The primary target professionals are the Child Service Task Force of the region, composed of designated representatives from each area, the region, and state; secondary targets are

This project will continue to assess the impact of AIDS on the social and pysychological functioning of gay men. Two samples of gay men will be used: a panel sample and a relationship sample. The Panel Sample consists of 824 men recruited from four sampling locations; bars, baths, gay couple networks, and respondents to newspaper advertisements who have not used baths or bars. They will continue to be surveyed at six month intervals on the following variables: sexual behavior, drug use, strength of belief in

The goal of this proposal is to examine the role of the steroid-hormone ecdysone pathway in the differentiation of the Drosophila eye. The activity of the E75 ecdysone-inducible gene will serve as the investigative focus. Examination of known and induced E75 mutants will allow for the characterization of the abnormal photoreceptor growth phenotype. The epistatic relationship between the function of ecdysone and that of other signaling pathways necessary for eye development will be conducted by

While idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (PF) is a devastating lung disease, the management of PF including effective monitoring of disease progression remains a challenge. Our previous study demonstrated that recombinant mouse SCGB3A2 exhibits anti-fibrotic activity in bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis model mouse. We applied this mouse model in conjunction with the use of SCGB3A2 to introduce and validate a novel, fast, and ultrasensitive metalloproteinase (MMP) activatable optical probe, named MMP-P12

This project will investigate prognostic factors for survial from colorectal carcinoma. The data to be considered will be cases on file in the Connecticut Tumor Registry, which is a member of the Cancer Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results (SEER) Group. Statistical methodology will be developed so that survival analysis with covariates can be done for cancer registry data. A computer program will be developed which may be used for other analyses of survival data. The analysis will simultaneously consider, using a regression-like approach, the

The clinical study CAO-/ARO-/AIO-94 of the German Rectal Cancer Study Group led clinicians around the world to embrace neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy as the treatment of choice for patients with locally advanced rectal cancer because it reduces the rate of local recurrence. The patients that we analyzed for our initial gene expression analyses for response prediction4 were participants in that study. A follow-up prospective randomized phase III clinical trial is now in place (CAO-/ARO

Behavioral research on the neurotoxic effects of environmental chemicals is conducted in two isolated worlds. Human performance tests are drawn from the traditions of achievement, aptitude and intelligence testing (e.g., Digit Symbol, Santa Ana). Behavioral testing in animals, emerging from a different tradition, employs techniques such as maze learning, reinforcement schedules, and complex stimulus discrimination to investigate potential neurotoxicants. Although the primary differences between these approaches are methodological rather than conceptual, efforts to bridge this chasm have been

Herpes simplex virus, when inactivated by ultraviolet light, undergoes profound changes besides inactivation of its infectious capability. We have recently discovered that UV-inactivated virus has a strong therapeutic action against acute herpes simplex infections of the cornea. Dendritic ulcers rapidly disappear, inflammation clears overnight and regrowth of denuded epithelium is rapid. This project is an effort to develop optimum conditions for production of the responsible agent(s) to isolate and identify it and to determine its mechanism of action in experimental corneal

Familial risk for obesity and diabetes in Hispanic children is due to a number of genes, each with multiple disease-predisposing alleles of low to intermediate population frequency. The overall goal of this project is to identify one or more variants in gene(s) that is/are responsible for the linkage signals on chromosome13q for fasting serum glucose and on chromosome 1p for fasting serum insulin, ghrelin and IGFBP-1 in Hispanic children by use of large scale SNP typing, exhaustive

Following DNA damage, cells of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae undergo a RAD9-dependent arrest in the G2 phase of the cell cycle. We are attempting to elucidate the molecular mechanism that allows DNA lesions to signal global cellular responses to DNA damage. The effects of an enzymatically induced double-strand break at a 45 bp YZ sequence (from MATYZ) in a nonyeast region of a dispensable single copy plasmid were examined. Induction of a persistent unrepaired break in

Defining the genetic architecture of hypertension remains a central challenge for cardiovascular epidemiology. Technical and analytic advances have now created a clear strategy that can be used to move toward that goal. In the 2 completed grant cycles, over 12,000 participants, including family members and unrelated cases/controls, have been recruited from communities in Nigeria, Jamaica and the US. Significant linkage results have been obtained and candidate genes/pathways have been extensively evaluated. In this application we propose to continue a study of the genetics of

The goal of the research is to examine the mechanisms by which the central nervous system mediates various aspects of sociosexual behavior in mammals. There is an emphasis on the hormonal control or modulation of these mechanisms. A region of particular interest is the medial preoptic-anterior hypothalamic area of the basal forebrain because this area appears to be the single most important area in the mediation of male sexual behavior and some other sexually dimorphic behavioral patterns of males. A concept that will be explored is whether this area

The sphingolipid ceramide, a bioeffector lipid, is known to regulate anti-proliferative responses in various human cell lines. In particular, it has been shown that various anti-cancer agents cause the elevation of endogenous ceramide levels accompanied by apoptotic cell death in human cancer cells. Preliminary results from this program demonstrate that: i) Treatment of A549 human lung adenocarcinoma cells with chemotherapeutic agents results in the formation of endogenous long-chain ceramide via either the de novo

DNA interstrand crosslinks are a particularly lethal form of DNA damage that represent an absolute block to replication and transcription. Chemicals forming crosslinks have proven to be highly toxic when found in nature, uniquely potent as chemotherapeutics in specific cancers, and effective treatments for a range of diseases states involving hyperplastic or displastic conditions. Although several genes have been isolated that, when mutated, render cells hypersensitive to crosslinks, many aspects of how these complex lesions are repaired and processed in cells remain unknown

The aims of this Core are to: 1. Isolate myocytes from non-failing and failing human ventricular muscle at Temple University School of Medicine and supply these myocytes to investigators involved in the SCOR on Sudden Cardiac Death at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. 2. Prepare tissue samples from non-failing and failing human ventricular muscle at Temple University School of Medicine for investigators involved in the SCOR on Sudden Cardiac Death at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. 3

Chronic allograft rejection is the leading cause of renal and cardiac allograft failure. The Long term goal of this core is to assist investigators in acquiring the experimental data necessary for the successful investigation of this disease process. In this program project human cardiac biopsies will be extensively utilized, as well as murine cardiac grafts, for the investigation of chronic rejection; however, meaningful studies with model will require the use of standardized tissue sections, special stains, and quantitative morphometric measurements. Therefore, the short term goals of

Abstract The long-term goal of this project is to develop a noninvasive treatment for hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM). Focused ultrasound (FUS) is a promising technique for noninvasive thermal ablation. The effort proposed here addresses the main technical challenges to using focused ultrasound therapy in the heart. Specifically, we aim to 1) evaluate the efficacy of magnetic resonance (MR) guided phased array focused ultrasound (FUS) therapy to non- invasively ablate the myocardium, including strategies

TOR was discovered as the largest of Rapamycin; the latter is a potent and clinically important immunosuppressive and potential antiproliferative drug. All of rapamycins pharmacologic actions appear to he due to its ability to inhibit TOR function. TOR is a giant protein kinase in the PIK family, whose catalytic domain is closely related to the Ataxia Teleangiectasia gene product (ATM). TOR was first identified in S. Cerevisiae where it controls cell growth

Platelet aggregation and platelet adhesion to components of the extracellular matrix are control events in hemostasis and thrombosis and are regulated through the binding of a set of adhesive proteins including fibrinogen, fibronectin and von Willebrand factor all which contain Arg- Gly-Asp (RGD) sequences. GPIIb-IIIa is a component of a common receptor for these adhesive proteins and binds to peptides containing the RGD sequence. Moreover, GPIIb-IIIa is a member of the

The use of implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) as a primary prevention strategy for sudden cardiac death (SCD) has dramatically reduced mortality in selected patient populations. Randomized controlled trials have shown that in heart failure (HF) patients with reduced left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), prophylactic ICD implantation improves survival compared with standard medical therapy by detection and treatment of malignant ventricular arrhythmias. However because ICD implantation poses significant risk and is costly, the use and outcomes associated with this therapy

Thrombin cleavage of osteopontin (OPN), an RGD-containing proinflammatory cytokine, greatly augments its cell interactive properties by the exposure of a new alpha4beta1and alpha9beta1 integrin binding site SVVYGLR at its C-terminus. Both OPN and alpha4beta1 integrin are important in experimental autoimmune encephalitis (EAE), a mouse model of multiple sclerosis. We hypothesize that thrombin-cleavage of OPN, with its resultant enhanced

Sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL), the most common type of deafness affecting more than 30 million Americans, is largely untreatable . When hair cells die, spiral ganglion neurons also may lose their peripheral axons and degenerate. In birds, but not mammals, supporting cells re-enter the cell cycle, divide and differentiate into new hair cells. A promising gene therapy for hair cell regeneration from non-sensory cells that remain in damaged cochlea has been accomplished in mammals for the first

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. Herpes simplex virus type-2 (HSV-2) infection enhances the transmission and acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). This

Since our discovery, published in 1965, that macromolecular binding of radioactivity from labeled cortisol could be an intermediate step in the hormonal induction of liver enzymes, like tyrosine aminotransferase, we have provided evidence for 6 proteins, including the hormone receptor, in liver cytosol which bind glucocorticoids or their anionic metabolites (primarily mono- and disulfates). This application for continued support is sought for research focused to three of these proteins: the glucocorticoid receptor, ligandin and a new glucocorticoid anion

Summary of work: The pattern of regional cerebral blood flow assessed during PET activation with a face matching task was correlated with performance accuracy in both healthy young and elderly subjects. The pattern showed higher activity in the left fusiform and lingual gyri and right frontal association regions with relatively lower activity in lateral occipitotemporal regions, bilaterally. Two cerebral metabolic patterns characteristic of Alzheimer's disease (AD) were identified using regional covariance analysis of resting state brain glucose metabolism (rCMRglc

The general objective of this work is to define carefully the endocrine milieu that is required to maintain normal testicular function in men. In particular, we are concerned with the gonadotropin and steroid environment necessary to stimulate human spermatogenesis and steroidogenesis. We will be experimentally manipulating the hormonal environment of the testis in normal men and determining the resultant effects on spermatogenesis and steroid production. More specifically, the objectives of this work are to anser questions in four areas: 1. What are the physiological roles of follic

Structure-function relationships in regulatory subunit (R) of cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase will be studied using R structural mutations in cultured S49 mouse lymphoma cells. Wild-type S49 cells are growth-inhibited and cytolyzed by exposure to cyclic AMP (cAMP) or its analogs; cAMP-resistance can be conferred by R mutations that increase the concentrations of cAMP required for kinase activation. Mutants with lesions of this sort will be collected in both diploid S49 cells and in S

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. Primary support for the subproject and the subproject's principal investigator may have been provided by other sources, including other NIH sources. The Total Cost listed for the subproject likely represents the estimated amount of Center infrastructure utilized by the subproject, not direct funding provided by the NCRR grant to the subproject or subproject staff. Episodic memory[unreadable]

Specific components of the extracellular matrix (ECM) accumulate in atherosclerosis and promote the inflammatory phase of vascular disease. We have focused on two of these components, hyaluronan and versican, which interact with each other to form higher ordered molecular complexes and not only contribute to ECM expansion during the development of vascular disease but also have a dramatic effect influencing the phenotype of arterial smooth muscle cells. Recently, we found that an ECM enriched in hyaluronan and versican promotes the adhesion of monocytes in

Listeria monocytogenes is a model facultative intracellular pathogen which primarily infects pregnant women and immunocompromised individuals. A primary determinant of L. monocytogenes pathogenesis is a secreted pore-forming protein referred to as listeriolysin O (LLO). LLO is largely responsible for rupture of the host vacuole which results from phagocytosis. Perfringolysin O (PFO) is a related pore-forming protein which is involved in the pathogenesis of infections

Anorexia Nervosa (AN) is a serious psychological condition with a prevalence estimated at 0.48% among adolescent females between 15-19 years. In adolescents, the illness severely affects physical, emotional, and social development. To date, there are no large-scale treatment studies of adolescents with AN. Smaller scale studies, however, suggest that a specific type of family-based treatment (FT) is an effective approach to adolescent onset AN. This multi-site study aims to compare

Tourette syndrome is a complex neurological disorder for which segregation analyses consistently support an autosomal dominant mode of transmission. The gene for this disease is unknown, and has not been linked to a specific chromosomal location. The limited neuropathology of Tourette syndrome (TS) includes decreased levels of a dopaminergic metabolite in the cerebrospinal fluid and an increase in dopamine uptake sites in the striatum. These findings, and others, suggest changes in dopaminergic innervation of the striatum in TS patients, which may be due to abnormalities

Project Summary: Elastic energy storage and return in tendons can save significant metabolic energy, but likely requires muscle force patterns with precise timing and magnitude. Neuromuscular and neurological impairments (e.g. stroke, spinal cord injury, cerebral palsy) and powered lower-limb robotic assistive devices can lead to altered patterns of muscle force output during locomotion. The broad goal of this research is to examine how tendon elasticity effects the mechanics of the contractile element of the musle-t

The overall goal of this project is to elucidate the role of iron acquisition by Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) organisms in the intracellular survival of these mycobacteria. MAC are an important cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with AIDS. The hypothesis is that host iron-binding proteins, transferrin and lactoferrin, may facilitate iron delivery to intracellular MAC. The Specific Aims of this proposal are: (1) to examine the influence of iron and host iron-binding proteins on growth

A potential model system for screening methods purported to remove or disinfect TSE agents is proceeding in a collaboration between LBRUA and the Laboratory of Analytical Chemistry, DMPQ, CBER. The work seeks to confirm reports that PC12 rat-pheochromocytoma cells infected with some strains of the scrapie agent undergo marked reduction in acetyl-cholinesterase neurotransmitter activity while maintaining normal levels of adrenergic activity. Should the study succeed, PC12 cells might provide a suitable simplified

Dysregulation of the immune system underlies many autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. While genetic contributions to disorders such as multiple sclerosis, type 1 diabetes and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are being studied, new research highlights the importance of environmental factors. The human microbiome, a consortium of microbes that colonize humans, has emerged recently as a critical contributor to disease. Gut bacteria regulate the development and function of the immune system, and have been strongly implicated in IBD and experimental colitis. Recent seminal studies have identified

Excess mortality due to prostate cancer among African American men is one of the most intractable cancer disparities. In the San Francisco Bay Area, incidence in this group is 40 percent higher and mortality is more than twice that for non-Hispanic White men. Research to increase early detection in this high risk group has stalled due to controversies surrounding the efficacy of the PSA test and even though the equivocal studies that tested the PSA did not include adequate samples of African American men. Resulting national guidelines emphasize

Quiescent Xenopus oocytes are activated by progesterone, which leads to resumption of the meiotic cell cycle and maturation of the oocyte into the egg. Progesterone binds to an unidentified and possibly novel membrane-associated receptor that is linked to a poorly understood signal transduction pathway that results in the translational activation of stored mos mRNA. Newly made mos protein, a MAP kinase kinase kinase, leads to activation of pre-MPF and progression through meiosis. The goal of this proposal is to identify

The severity of the HIV epidemic and limits on prevention and treatment resources have forced planners and providers to make difficult choices about which interventions to implement to prevent and treat HIV and substance abuse. The goal of our project is to evaluate existing and potential HIV and substance abuse interventions to provide critical information on effectiveness, public-health impact, and efficiency. This project aims to promote reasoned planning and policy making in the realm of HIV and substance abuse prevention and treatment via the development of mathematical and economic models. To achieve

We are using combined electron probe X-ray microanalyzer and electron microscope techniques to elucidate the nature of calcium sequestering pools in cells, and the nature of calcium deposits in newly forming bone. We are also using these techniques to discover the pathway followed by calcium as it moves through cells of two calcium transporting epithelia, the chick chorioallantoic membrane, and small intestine. Ancillary experiments to devise and evaluate methods for preparing cells and tissue for electron probe analysis are also being carried

A database of results has been created using chemicals tested by the NTP for mutagenesis in short-term assays, and for carcinogenesis. This database allows the evaluation of each short-term assay with respect to its ability to predict carcinogenesis or other short-term assay results. It also permits studies of the individual assays with respect to inter and intra-laboratory reproducibility, and the effects of protocol changes on test responses. A study is underway to examine the predictivity of the four short-term tests as

The importance of maintaining genome stability is reflected in several biological phenomena. First, there are multiple mechanisms for the repair of damaged DNA, and these mechanisms are highly conserved from prokaryotes to eukaryotes. Second, disruptions in repair processes in humans cause some hereditary cancers and devastating diseases, such as xeroderma pigmentosa, ataxia telangiectasia and Cockayne's syndrome. Finally, destabilization recombination between sequences of similar yet imperfect homology ("homeologous" sequences)

While a variety of congenital obstructive uropathies are encountered in patients, these conditions have a common pathological endpoint: renal injury and loss of kidney function. Obstructive uropathies remain the leading cause of pediatric renal insufficiency and renal failure, in part, because the potential fo permanent renal injury remains even following the surgical correction of pathologies of the urinary tract. Recently, both basic science and clinical studies have demonstrated that the kidney is capable of restoring renal structure and function following injury. However, little

The LACU assists the NIAMS IRP investigators with their research involving animals. Such animals are housed in shared animal facilities on the NIH campus including the NIAMS LACU directly overseen facility located in Building 10 in 9/C127 in the ACRF Buildings 6B, 10A, 50 and the Building 14 complex. NIAMS animal users work primarily with mice and rats. The NIAMS IRP Animal Program has oversight for 20 Animal Study Proposals (ASPs)

Fungal infections have become a significant and increasing cause of severe illness and death. Candida glabrata is emerging as a lethal fungal pathogen, contributing significantly to the mortality already caused by the prevalent pathogen, Candida albicans. Unfortunately, C. glabrata is inherently resistant to several of the available antifungal therapeutics, including amphotericin B and the azole compounds. Therapeutics to treat C. glabrata infections are critically necessary. Furthermore, since systemic fungal infections often proceed

With increasing investment into pharmaceutical industry there is a paradoxical decline in the number of new medicines on the market. One of the reasons for this phenomenon is the focus of pharmaceutical companies on small molecules for development of therapeutic agents. Although they are potent inhibitors of target proteins, small molecules are known for their low specificity. Larger and more complex molecules, such as peptides, provide more specific target recognition. However, peptides are unstable and require design of cellular delivery mechanisms. Utilization of structural plasticity of peptide molecules

Oncolytic viral therapy is a promising biological treatment that relies on attenuated viruses with cancer cell specific replication and lysis with minimal replication or lysis in non neoplastic tissue. While this novel biological therapy is currently being evaluated for safety and efficacy in clinical trials, its impact on the microenvironment and the microenvironments response to OV therapy has tremendous implications on viral propagation and efficacy. The ultimate goal of this proposal is to evaluate the role of microvesicle-derived viral transcripts in oncolytic virotherapy of

MDI-301 is a synthetic retinoid. MDI-301, like RA, induces collagen synthesis and reduces expression of collagen-degrading matrix metalloproteinases in the skin. This agent also induces epidermal thickening. However, unlike RA, MDI-301 is non-irritating when applied topically. In a recent study we showed that MDI-301 was effective in promoting the healing of superficial abrasion wounds in hairless rats with skin made atrophic by corticosteroid

The objective of the proposed research is to identify and characterize properties of the epithelial surface of the uterus which are involved in trophoblast adhesion and subsequent invasion during implantation. The research will test the hypothesis that the epithelium serves as the primary site for mediation of hormonally-modulated receptiveness of the uterus to blastocyst implantation. Aims of the project include 1) the use of biochemical methods to identify and isolate uterine and trophoblast membrane molecules which bind specifically to one another in complementary receptor/ligand

Obsessive-compulsive behaviors (OCB) are common in children and adolescents. In addition to being the core features of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), OCB are often associated in youth with tic, grooming, generalized anxiety, and autistic spectrum disorders. This competitive renewal application combines the unique clinical assessment, magnetic resonance imaging, and genetics expertise of three performance sites: Wayne State University (WSU), University of Michigan (UM), and the Hospital for Sick

This GO grant application aims to integrate the unique capabilities of nanotechnology and innovative optical instrumentation for broad applications in cancer surgery. The rationale for this surgical nanotechnology focus is that surgery currently cures approximately 45% of all patients with cancer, while chemotherapy and radiation therapy together only cure 5%. In fact, the single most important predictor of patient survival for almost all cancers is a complete surgical resection, by removing the primary tumor, draining lymph nodes and small adjacent satellite nodules. For human lung, breast, prostate

Electrophysiological evidence has been obtained showing that part of the response evoked by a stimulus does not solely depend upon the stimulus, but reflects the release of information about prior events. The proposed research will study the release of readout processes in neuronal systems under various conditions, classifying different types of evoked response modes using a computer, and will attempt to extend previous findings to other types of discriminanda. EXPERIMENT I: Modes of response elicited by visual and auditory stimuli will be classified as cats in a

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. This study is a non-randomized phase 1, multi-center, multi-cohort, dose-escalation study of

The major objective is to correlate the binding properties with the three-dimensional structures of monoclonal antibodies and their fragments. Human proteins will be isolated from the sera (IgG and IgM immunogobulins) and urines (Bence-Jones proteins) of patients with multiple myeloma, amyloidosis and Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia. Selection of the IgM macroglobulins will be strongly biased toward those forming immune complexes with IgG antibodies (i.e., IgM rheumatoid factors). Mur

This is an application for a K23 award for Dr. Katherine Possin, a neuropsychologist at the University of California, San Francisco Memory and Aging Center (MAC). Dr. Possin is establishing herself as a young investigator in patient-oriented clinical research of spatial cognition in neurodegenerative disease. This K23 award will provide Dr. Possin with the support necessary to accomplish the following goals: (1) to become an expert in the behavioral neurology of neurodegenerative disease; (2) to conduct

Recent studies on the mechanism of protein folding have indicated that proteins can exist as stable intermediate conformers that are structurally and energetically distinct from either native or denatured state. This ability of some proteins to accept an intermediate conformation with unique physical characteristics has an important biological significance, since it is clear that biological function(s) of all proteins are profoundly affected by their structure. Structural and energetical characteristics of human Growth Hormone were studied at pH range from 2.0 to 7.0, in

The research objectives of this proposal are to investigate the chemical control of respiration, and to develop new knowledge of control of respiration that can be applied to the therapy of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Basic animal studies will be undertaken to directly measure the influence of hypoxia and hypercapnia on cerebral blood flow and tissue oxygen and carbon dioxide tensions in the medullary ventrolateral chemosensitive areas for correlation with ventilation. Reversal of local tissue oxygen deficit by superfusion with flourocarbons over

Structural Studies of Alix and ESCRT Complexes in HIV-1 Budding HIV-1 particle assembly and release depend on a protein network that includes Alix and Vps4A/B, and four multiprotein complexes: Hrs/STAM and ESCRT-I, II, and III. These proteins and complexes are conserved from yeast to human, and their normal function is to sort monoubiquitinated receptors, enzymes, and other cargo to the lysosome or vacu

Specific objectives for the coming year: 1. Solubilize and characterize the novel enzyme, fatty aldehyde decarbonylase. 2. Complete the determination of the primary structure of S-acyl fatty acid synthase thioester hydrolase by nucleotide and amino acid sequencing. 3. Determine the nucleotide sequence of the genomic clones for the S-acyl fatty acid synthase thioesterase. 4. Investigate the mechanism by which the acyl-fatty acid synthase thioesterase gene is

The trigger for autoimmune destruction of pancreatic beta cells in Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is unclear. Evidence exists for the role of increased intestinal permeability, secondary to intestinal tight junctions (tj) disassembly, in the pathogenesis of various autoimmune diseases including T1 D. Over the last decade our studies have focused on the mechanism(s) of action of a protein elaborated by Vibrio cholerae, zonula occludens toxin (Zot) that reversibly opens the intestinal

1. The ganglioside GM1, the receptor for cholera toxin (CT), can also function as a receptor for E. coli heat-labile enterotoxin. Thus, these two pathogenic toxins, which activate intestinal mucosal adenylate cyclase by the same mechanism of ADP-ribosylation, appear to utilize the same receptor. 2. Although gangliosides function as receptors for bacterial toxins, they are not involved in the binding and action of glycopeptide hormones such as LH and

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. This renewal proposal builds upon current success in BIRNs utilization of TeraGrid, continues to advance the use of TeraGrid with

Previous studies with the ethanol preferring (P and HAD) and ethanol nonpreferring (NP and LAD) rats have been concerned primarily with contrasting the lines for ethanol self-administration and for the behavioral consequences of ethanol exposure. The intent of the proposed series of experiments is a more general behavioral characterization of the P and NP lines of rats. When significant differences are determined, the experiments will be replicated with the corresponding HAD and LAD lines of rats. The overall goal of this proposal is a better

The greater Baltimore area in Maryland has a large population of African-Americans and European-Americans, which makes this area most suitable to investigate differences in the exposure to prostate cancer risk factors among these two population groups. We designed a study that will use an integrated molecular epidemiology and translational research approach to examine causes for the excessive burden of prostate cancer among African-American men, including the study of tumor biological differences between African-American and European-American patients, supported by the collection of blood, urine, tissue

The overall goal of this project is to study the induction of the amino acid transport systems specific for the precursors of glutathione in the mouse ovarian follicle and in oocytes. Our preliminary studies show that the amino acid transport systems for the three precursors of glutathione, cystine, glycine and glutamate, are induced in preantral follicles after being cultured four hours in Waymouth medium in air containing 5% carbon dioxide [20% oxygen]. The specific aims are: (l) to identify the induced Na-independent

Preterm birth is a major public-health issue because of its increasing incidence combined with the frequent occurrence of subsequent behavioral, neurological, and psychiatric challenges faced by surviving infants. Approximately 10-15% of very preterm children (born < 30 weeks gestational age) develop cerebral palsy, and 30 - 60% of very preterm children experience cognitive impairments. These impairments include visual-motor problems, attentional difficulties, impaired memory, delayed acquisition of language, executive dysfunction, learning disabilities, poor social skills, and

The goal of this project is to move quantitative, carefully controlled analysis of RNA enzymes from the test tube into the cell, through a systematic series of experiments designed to address both fundamental issues regarding biological catalysis by RNA, and the development of ribozymes as selective tools for targeted cleavage of cellular and viral RNAs. Following on collaborations in which we demonstrated that engineered hairpin ribozymes can selectively inhibit replication of HIV-1 and hepatitis B virus, we have focused on studies conducted entirely within the PI

The overall goal of the Sanderson Lab is to determine the role of the heparan sulfate / heparanase axis in regulating cancer and to use this knowledge to develop new anti-cancer therapies. The immediate goal of this project is to design and develop novel heparanase inhibitors to treat multiple myeloma. Heparanase, an endoglycosidase that cleaves heparan sulfate chains, is upregulated in many types of cancers and promotes an aggressive tumor phenotype. Heparanase is present in the bone

The natural environment is cluttered with stimuli and the brain has limited processing capacity. Attentional mechanisms are therefore needed to guide the selection of behaviorally relevant information. The present application is a competing renewal submission for our project Neural basis of visual attention (R01- MH64043-10). Work during the previous funding period used fMRI to characterize attention-related functions at multiple stages of the human attention network, including the thalamus and the fronto-parietal network. The present application extends this work

10-Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) is an enzyme in the folate metabolic pathway that contributes to DNA, protein and small molecule methylation. Previous studies have linked common genetic polymorphisms in the human MTHFR gene to a variety of human diseases, including homocysteinemia - a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. However, the full range of common genetic polymorphisms in the human MTHFR gene remains unclear. Furthermore, the underlying cellular mechanisms by which common nonsyn

When animals are chronically exposed to different trace metals, each metal produces a biological response profile which specifically characterizes exposure to that metal. It is the objective of these studies to assess and characterize response profiles based on a thorough understanding of subcellular mechanisms of metal toxicity and specifically to (1) define and correlate ultrastructural and biochemical responses in vivo which characterize exposure to toxic trace elements following chronic exposure and (2) develop early, specific, and sensitive, biochemical testing procedures that may be used to evaluate human

The objectives of this project are, first, to develop less toxic immunosuppressive conditioning programs for allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplants (HSCT) in a canine model that can be applied to patients who do not have HLA-identical sibling donors and, second, to refine existing regimens for major histocompatibility complex matched recipients. In the last grant period, we described a regimen in DLA- identical matched canine littermates consisting of a non-marrow ablative dose of 200 c

This subproject is one of many research subprojects utilizing the resources provided by a Center grant funded by NIH/NCRR. The subproject and investigator (PI) may have received primary funding from another NIH source, and thus could be represented in other CRISP entries. The institution listed is for the Center, which is not necessarily the institution for the investigator. We recently completed a double-blind placebo-controlled human laboratory study demonstrating that treatment with a low dose of the acetylcholinesterase

Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), an incurable malignancy of mature B-lymphocytes involves blood, bone marrow, and secondary lymphoid organs. A role of the tissue microenvironment in the pathogenesis of CLL is hypothesized based on in vitro observations but its contribution in vivo remain ill-defined. To elucidate effects of tumor host interactions in vivo we purified tumor cells from 24 treatment nave patients. Samples were obtained concurrently from blood, bone marrow and/or lymph node and analyzed by gene expression profiling.

Schizophrenia (SZ) is undoubtedly etiologically heterogeneous with contribution to risk from both genetic and non-genetic factors. The identification of etiologically more homogeneous groups is important to developing our knowledge about the multiple pathophysiological pathways that are associated with SZ etiology. In this study, we will examine SZ etiology from a new perspective by incorporating data on individual exposure to Toxoplasma gondii (Toxo), a well supported SZ risk factor, into our existing genome-wide association

The effects of marihuana on human female reproductive physiology are unknown. Quantitative confirmation of anecdotal marihuana use is now possible by our separate delta 9-THC, 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta 9-THC and toal cannabinoid radioimmune assays of blood and urine. Female marihuana users (pregnant and non-pregnant) will be compared to a non-user control group. Accurately measured body fluid

The aim of this proposal is to develop an effective and rapid method for disrupting the poultry-to-human transmission of avian influenza by in ovo injection of adenovirus-vectored avian influenza vaccines that can be mass-produced in cultured cells and mass-administered with a mechanized injector. The hypothesis is that mass-vaccination of poultry against an outbreak of avian influenza reduces the dissemination of the virus to new flocks and consequently the risk to humans. As avian influenza gets more

