Pure stress leakage symptomatology: is it safe to discount detrusor instability?
To determine whether the combination of a urological history and urinary diary, with rigorous selection criteria, can be used to define a group of women on whom urodynamic assessment is unnecessary prior to offering surgery for urinary stress incontinence. Retrospective review of the urodynamic records of women attending for assessment between January 1992 and December 1996. Urodynamic Department, Southmead Hospital, Bristol. 5193

Revision gastric bypass after laparoscopic adjustable gastric band: a 10-year experience at a public teaching hospital.
In Australia, there is limited access to public revisional bariatric procedures. However, the need for such procedures is rising. We investigated the safety and efficacy of band-to-bypass procedures in our experience at a public teaching hospital over a period of 10 years. Using a prospectively maintained bariatric surgical database, we analysed 91 consecutive planned band-to-bypass procedures from 2007

A study was conducted to investigate the effect of feeding frequency on the rate and composition of weight loss and 24 h energy metabolism in moderately obese women on a 1000 kcal/day diet. During four consecutive weeks fourteen female adults (age 20-58 years, BMI 25.4-34.9 kg/m2) restricted their food intake to 1000 kcal/day. Seven subjects consumed the diet in two meals daily (gorging pattern), the others consumed the diet in three to five meals

This study examines the relationship of impulsivity, sensation seeking, coping, and substance use to disordered gambling in a sample of 1,339 youth (637 males and 702 females), 17-21 years old. Results indicate that males with serious gambling problems were more likely than their peers to abuse substances and to use avoidant stress-coping strategies, such as seeking emotional outlets, distracting themselves with other activities, and using humor. In contrast, female disordered gamblers were less likely to engage in

Dynamic high pressure microfluidization (DHPM)-assisted extraction (DHPMAE) of lotus (Nelumbo nucifera) leaves polysaccharides (LLPs) was optimized by response surface methodology. The optimal extraction conditions were: liquid/solid ratio of 35:1 (v/m, mL/g), processing pressure of 180 MPa, processed two times, extraction temperature of 76°C, extraction time of 50 min. Under the optimal extraction conditions, DHPMA

Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) is the gold standard method for measurement of bone mineral density (BMD). The aims of the current study are to compare the ability of BMD measurements to identify subjects with vertebral fractures (VF), when the lumbar spine (LS), hip or both sites are measured. 460 subjects aged 73+/-5.2 years participated in the study. Thoraco-lumbar spine radiographs were obtained and analyzed for the presence of VF

Arsenic- and mercury-induced phytotoxicity in the Mediterranean shrubs Pistacia lentiscus and Tamarix gallica grown in hydroponic culture.
Hg and As resistance and bioaccumulation were studied in hydroponically grown Pistacia lentiscus and Tamarix gallica plants. Both elements caused growth inhibition in roots and shoots, with mercury showing greater phytotoxicity than arsenic. Accumulation of both elements by plants increased in response to element supply, with the greatest

The oxidation of 6-methyltetrahydropterin and tetrahydrobiopterin coupled to the formation of tyrosine by phenylalanine hydroxylase generates a precursor species to the quinonoid product that is tentatively identified as a 4a-hydroxy adduct based on its spectral similarity to the 4a-hydroxy-6-methyl-5-deazatetrahydropterin. The rate of appearance of this intermediate and that of tyrosine are equal and hydroxylase catalyzed in accord with the completion

Analysis of environmental stress response on the proteome level.
Thousands of man-made chemicals are annually released into the environment by agriculture, transport, industries, and other human activities. In general, chemical analysis of environmental samples used to assess the pollution status of a specific ecosystem is complicated by the complexity of the mixture, and in some cases by the very low toxicity thresholds of chemicals present. In that sense, a proteomics approach, capable of detecting subtle changes in the level and structure of individual proteins

Morphogenesis of the "immature symmetric embryonic aortic arches" into the "mature and asymmetric aortic arches" involves a delicate sequence of cell and tissue migration, proliferation, and remodeling within an active biomechanical environment. Both patient-derived and experimental animal model data support a significant role for biomechanical forces during arch development. The objective of the present study is to quantify changes in geometry, blood flow, and shear stress patterns (WSS) during a period of normal arch morphogenesis. Composite

Intrauterine levonorgestrel delivered by a frameless system, combined with systemic estrogen: acceptability and endometrial safety after 3 years of use in peri- and postmenopausal women.
To evaluate the acceptability and endometrial safety of a novel intrauterine drug delivery system, FibroPlant-levonorgestrel (LNG), combined with estrogen therapy (ET) in 150 peri- and postmenopausal women, followed-up for at least 3 years. This was a

Many short-strawed wheats, including the Norin-10-based semidwarfs now grown in many countries, are characterized by their relative "insensitivity" to gibberellic acid. The nature of this insensitivity, its genetic control, and the relationships between the Gai genes and the Rht genes, which control height reductiion in Norin-10 and Tom Thumb wheats, are described. The role and potential of these genes in agriculture and their

The cerebellum, while once considered a brain region principally involved in motor control and coordination, is increasingly becoming associated with a range of neuropsychological and neuropsychiatric presentations. This paper reviews the dominant neuropsychological domains and neuropsychiatric conditions for which cerebellar involvement has been demonstrated, including visuospatial functioning, learning and memory, language, executive functioning, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorders, and schizophrenia. The paper concludes with a discussion of a potential neuropsychological localization model within the cerebellum

Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) signal through FGF receptors (FGFRs) mediating a broad range of cellular functions during embryonic development, as well as disease and regeneration during adulthood. Thus, it is important to understand the underlying molecular mechanisms that modulate this system. Here, we show that FGFR-1 can interact with the TNF receptor superfamily member fibroblast growth factor-inducible molecule 14 (Fn14) resulting in cardiomyocyte cell cycle reentry. FGF1-induced

Hyaluronic acid and Arg-Gly-Asp peptide modified Graphene oxide with dual receptor-targeting function for cancer therapy.
Graphene oxide (GO) modified with hyaluronic acid (HA) and Arg-gly-asp peptide (RGD) was designed as a dual-receptor targeting drug delivery system to enhance the specificity and efficiency of anticancer drug delivery. Firstly, GO-HA-RGD conjugate was characterized to reveal its structure and morphology. Whereafter,

Exercise capacity after lobectomy in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
The aim of this study is to clarify whether patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) lose less exercise capacity after lobectomy than do those without COPD, to the same extent as ventilatory capacity and lobectomy for selected patients with severe emphysema improve exercise capacity like ventilatory capacity. Seventy non-COPD patients (N group), 16 mild COPD patients (M group), and 14 moderate-to-

Oxidative stress plays an important role in cystic fibrosis (CF). However, there is a lack of validated biomarkers of oxidative damage that correlate with the antioxidant needs of patients with CF. To investigate oxidative stress in stable pediatric CF patients and evaluate if vitamin supplementation may be tailored to individual needs and oxidative status. Lipid-adducts 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE-L) and malonaldehyde (MDA-L) (chromolipids) were elevated in the majority of

Sepsis syndrome is a major worldwide cause of morbidity and mortality. While community-acquired severe sepsis and septic shock constitutes a major cause of admission to the intensive care unit, hospital-acquired severe sepsis and septic shock remain major preventable causes of ICU admission. This study evaluates the rate, etiology, complication and outcome of community- and hospital-acquired sepsis in a tertiary care hospital in Saudi Arabia. This is a retrospective evaluation of all admissions with severe sepsis and septic shock to a general

Cyclic stretch (CS) mediates different cellular functions in vascular smooth muscle cells and involves in neointimal hyperplasia and subsequent atherosclerosis of vein grafts. Here, we investigated whether CS can modulate stromal cell-derived factor-1alpha (SDF-1alpha)/CXCR4 axis in human saphenous vein smooth muscle cells. We found CS induced the upregulation of SDF-1alpha and CXCR4 in human saphenous vein smooth muscle cells in vitro, which was dependent on PI3K

Skipping of Duplicated Dystrophin Exons: In Vitro Induction and Assessment.
Duplications of one or more dystrophin exons that disrupt the reading frame account for about 15% of all Duchenne cases, and like the more common genomic deletions, most pathogenic duplications of single or multiple dystrophin exons are also amenable to targeted exon skipping. However, additional considerations must be taken into account: (1) skipping of all duplicated exons, and, flanking exons

Objective: To summarize and analyze the clinical manifestation of conjunctival papilloma, its relationship with human papillomavirus (HPV) infection and the recurrence after the combination of operation and pharmacotherapy. Methods: A retrospective case series study. Analysis of 40 patients (41 eyes) with conjunctival papilloma treated at Peking Union Medical College Hospital from January 2008 to June 2018 was performed. All patients were given routine blood and urine, hepatitis B virus surface antigen, antibodies to hepatitis C virus, antibodies

To evaluate and characterize the etiopathogenesis of the fusarial onychomycosis in an ex vivo study through fragments of sterile human nail, without the addition of any nutritional source. The infection and invasion of Fusarium oxysporum in the nail were evaluated by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), CFU, matrix, histopathology and Fourier Transform Infrared Spectrometer coupled to an equipment with diamond accessory (FTIR-ATR). F. oxysporum infected and invaded across

Cerebrovascular diseases are the third leading cause of mortality in the world, following malignant and cardiovascular diseases. Therefore, their timely and precise diagnostics is of great importance. The aim of this study was to compare duplex scan Color Doppler ultrasonography (CDU) with multislice computed tomography angiography (MSCTA) in detection of morphological and functional disorders at extracranial level of carotid arteries. The study included 75 patients with 150 carotid arteries examined in the period from January 2008 to April 2009. The

Nocturnal desaturation may contribute to long-term pulmonary vascular stress in interstitial lung disease (ILD). We study the prevalence, severity and prognostic utility of nocturnal desaturation across ILD. ILD patients with overnight oximetry (June 2006-August 2008) were reviewed (n = 134). Significant nocturnal desaturation was considered as > 10% of sleep with SpO2 < 90%. Desaturation index (DI) was defined as the number of desaturation events > 4%/

Tolerance and biocompatibility of micronized black pigment for keratopigmentation simulated pupil reconstruction.
To study the tolerance and biocompatibility of new mineral micronized pigments for corneal cosmetic pigmentation in an experimental animal model. Central corneal intralamellar tattoos were performed with a black iron oxide mineral micronized pigment using an irrigating solution as a control. Animals were examined regularly under a slit lamp to detect any signs of inflammation, pigment diffusion, or color changes and ne

One hundred and twenty four cases of Reye's syndrome admitted to Vanivilas Children's Hospital, Bangalore were investigated. Clinical, biochemical and epidemiological details were obtained. The median age was five years, with no difference in sex ratio. This disease was frequent in winter months. Cases clustered in certain congested localities of the city among lower socio economic strata. Aspirin and varicella could not be associated as preceding factors. The clinical and biochemical features of the patients were suggestive of Reye

A new species of Isospora Schneider, 1881 (Apicomplexa: Eimeriidae) in Ruppell's agama Agama rueppelli (Vaillant) (Sauria: Agamidae) from East Africa, with a review of this genus in agamid lizards.
Coprological examinations of eight Ruppell's agamas Agama rueppelli (Vaillant) revealed the presence of a coccidium of the genus Isospora

Correlation between the charge of polymer particles in solution and in the gas phase investigated by zeta-potential measurements and electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.
The relationship between the effective charge of polymer nanoparticles (PNP) in solution and the charge states of ionized particles produced in the gas phase by electrospray ionization was investigated. Charge detection mass spectrometry was used to measure both the mass and charge of individual electrosprayed ions. The effective charges extracted from the measured zeta-potential of PNPs in solution

Biocompatibility of silicon-based electrode arrays implanted in feline cortical tissue.
The passive biocompatibility of silicon-based electrode arrays was studied in feline cortical tissue. Three types of arrays were used: uncoated, coated with polyimide, and coated with polyimide over an adhesion promoter. Fifteen arrays were implanted for 24 h to determine early tissue reaction to the implantation procedure, and twelve arrays were implanted for 6 months to determine structural and material biocompatibility. Edema and hemorrhage

IgG4-related hypophysitis is a rare clinical entity that forms part of an emerging group of multi-organ IgG4-related fibrosclerotic systemic diseases. The rare prevalence of the disease, presenting features that overlap with other sellar pathologies, and variable imaging features can make preoperative identification challenging. We report three cases of isolated IgG4-related hypophysitis with atypical clinical and imaging features that mimicked those of pituitary apoplexy and other sellar lesions. Additionally, we review the

Human matrix metalloproteinases-13 (HMMP13) shows a wide substrate specificity, and its expression is limited to pathological situations such as chronic inflammation and cancer. The coding sequence for HMMP13 is 86% identical to rat matrix metalloproteinases-13 (RMMP13); however, the regulation of HMMP13 and RMMP13 protein synthesis in renal mesangial cells is strikingly different. In human cells there is a discordance between HMMP13 mRNA levels and protein expression.

Early lesions during pancreatic carcinogenesis induced in Syrian hamster by DHPN or DOPN. I. Histologic, histochemical and radioautographic findings.
The early lesions which arise in the Syrian hamster pancreas prior to the appearance of carcinomas induced by treatment with the related carcinogens di-hydroxy-di-n-propyl nitrosamine or di-oxo-di-n-propyl nitrosamine were investigated in order to assess their roles in tumourigenesis. A sequence of events is

A new species of Philautus is described from western Sarawak. The new species was collected in lower montane forest in two national parks in Sarawak and recorded from another park. It differs from its congeners by a unique combination of morphological characters, including a long, acuminate snout, long legs, and comparatively extensive toe webbing. The advertisement call of the new species differs from all calls of other species that have been analyzed so far. Comparison of the mitochondrial 16S

The present research investigated the roles of identity fusion and impulsiveness in extreme sacrifices for romantic partners. After completing questionnaires assessing identity fusion, inclusion of other in the self, passionate love, and communal orientation, participants responded to the trolley dilemma in which they could save their partner by sacrificing themselves. Participants in the time-pressure condition were given eight-seconds to respond to the dilemma; the other group had no time constraints. Identity fusion was the only variable that significantly predicted ultimate sacrifice. Hur

Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is a neurological disorder characterized by a compelling urge to move, accompanied by disturbing sensations within the legs. It is now recognized that RLS is a common condition that has a substantial impact on sleep, daily activities and quality of life. Recent data from the REST (RLS Epidemiology, Symptoms, and Treatment) general population study show that symptoms of RLS are present in approximately 7% of the general population, and that 2-3% experience moderate or

The effect of an anabolic steroid on canine left ventricular function was studied by catheterization exposing control (n = 7) and methandienone-treated (n = 6) dogs to pacing, volume and isoproterenol tests at the beginning of the experiment and 6 weeks later. The physical performance of the animals was evaluated by submaximal exercise test (SMT), in which the steroid-treated dogs had lower heart rate than the sedentary controls (P less than 0.001). Heart

Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) family receptors/ligands are important participants in hematopoietic homeostasis, in particular as essential negative expansion regulators of differentiated clones. As a prominent injury cytokine, TNF-alpha has been traditionally considered to suppress donor hematopoietic stem and progenitor cell function after transplantation. We monitored the involvement of TNF receptors (TNF-R) 1 and 2 in murine hematopoietic cell engraftment and their inter-relationship with Fas. Transplantation of lineage-negative (lin(-)) bone marrow cells (B

The effect of sodium-hyaluronate on scar tissue formation under a subconjunctival silicone implant in the rabbit.
The effect of sodium-hyaluronate on scar tissue formation under a subconjunctival silicone implant was examined in twenty rabbits. During the follow-up period histological sections for evaluation of local reaction and thickness of fibrous tissue were made at day 7, 17, 30 and 60. Although no statistically significant difference could be shown the thickness of scar tissue under the

The comprehensive sexual assault assessment tool.
The Comprehensive Sexual Assault Assessment Tool (CSAAT) was developed for collection of data about the victims and offenders in cases of rape and sexual assault. The CSAAT provides a systematic guide for victim assessment, evidence documentation, and initial treatment. Use of the CSAAT facilitates collection of investigative data about the victim and the offender that are critical components of victim interviews and crime investigations, as well as victim forensic data. The CSAAT can be used

Each section of the Alderson Rando phantom contains a tissue-equivalent plastic coating layer approximately 2 mm thick, applied to both faces. This compensates for material removed in the sawing process. Conventional use of thermoluminescent dosimeters positions them totally or partially within the coating layer. Analysis shows that, in the lung region, dosimeters placed in this layer received a dose averaging 39% lower than those placed at midsection. Where bony structures interfere, some dosimeters in the coating layer received

Features of stabbing, cough, exertional and sexual headaches in a Turkish population of headache patients.
The aim of this study was to determine the features and prevalence of primary stabbing headache, primary exertional headache, primary headache associated with sexual activity, and primary cough headache in a Turkish population of headache patients. The data for this study were obtained from 245 patients with headache. Of these patients, 55 fulfilled the International Classification of Headache Disorders (second edition) diagnostic criteria for 'other primary headaches

The development of advanced noninvasive techniques to image the human brain has enabled the demonstration of structural plasticity during adulthood in response to motor learning. Understanding the basic mechanisms of structural plasticity in the context of motor learning is essential to improve motor rehabilitation in stroke patients. Here, we review and discuss the emerging evidence for motor-learning-related structural plasticity and the implications for stroke rehabilitation. In the clinical context, a few studies have started to assess the effects of rehabilitation on structural measures to understand recovery poststroke and additionally

Effects of selenium deficiency on fatty acid metabolism in rats fed fish oil-enriched diets.
The hepatic fatty acid metabolism was investigated in rats stressed by selenium deficiency and enhanced fish oil intake. Changes in the composition of lipids, peroxides, and fatty acids were studied in the liver of rats fed either a Sedeficient (8 microg Se/kg) or a Se-adequate (300 microg Se/kg) diet, both rich in n-3 fatty acid-containing fish oil (100

The aim of this study was to elucidate perimenopausal bone loss in relation to menstrual conditions and to investigate the long-term effect of menopause on bone loss in aged women. The rate of change in bone mineral density (BMD) was measured twice at an exact interval of 12 months by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) at the lumbar spine in 176 pre- and postmenopausal healthy women 41-65 years of age. Serum follicle-stimulating hormone

A few studies have shown more central auditory processing deficits in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) than in nondisabled children. Because these studies failed to screen participants with ADHD for learning disabilities (LD), it is not clear whether these deficits are correlates of ADHD or LD or both. In the present study, the central auditory processing ability of children with ADHD, ADHD with LD, and no disabilities was examined. Results indicated lower central auditory processing ability, and significant correlations between

A unique BRCA1 mutation identified in Mongolia.
This is a case report of genetic assessment conducted on a family residing in the third world where two sisters have presented with early onset ovarian cancer. Protein truncation testing and DNA sequencing identified a unique mutation on exon 11 (3452delA) of the BRCA1 gene. Buccal swab testing of three siblings and three offspring showed that half of the family members carried the same mutation. Currently, genetic testing in third-world countries is conducted within

To evaluate whether custom modification resulting in an anatomically shaped post and whether the span/diameter ratio (L/D) would affect the mechanical properties of fiber-reinforced composite posts. Preformed glass-fiber posts (Group 1) and modified glass-fiber posts (Group 2) and glass-fiber rods (Groups 3 and 4) (n=20) were loaded to failure in a three-point bending test to determine the maximum load (N), flexural strength (

Interproximal grinding (disking) of caries in primary molars, attitudes and the extent utilized in a Swedish County.
To assess the occurrence of interproximal grinding as a caries therapy in primary molars, to what degree grinding replaced conventional restorative caries therapy, to what extent anaesthesia was used while grinding and to assess open comments about attitudes about grinding. A questionnaire was sent to 108 public dental service clinics with questions concerning the use of grinding as a therapy and alternative to

The analysis of EM structure of nucleus rotundus completes the results got by Golgi study. The fine structure of neurons and neuropil of the nucleus and the synaptic relations were studied by EM. The fine structural details of principal neuron were described. Several synapses of symmetrical type with flattened vesicles in large terminals contacted the cell body and also the origin and proximal part of the main dendrites. In the neuropil synaptic junctions were formed by terminals that contained (1) spherical vesicles with occasionally very few dense core vesicles

An increased level of proinflammatory cytokines, including TNF-α in tumor microenvironment regulates the bioenergetic capacity, immune evasion and survival of cancer cells. Emerging evidences suggest that mitochondrial immune signaling proteins modulates mitochondrial bioenergetic capacity, in addition to the regulation of innate immune response. The optimal oxidative phosphorylation (OxPhos) capacity is required for the maintenance of functional lysosomes and autophagy flux. NLRX1, a mitochondrial NOD family receptor protein, regulates mitochondrial function during apoptosis and tissue

Salt shield: intracellular salts provide cellular protection against ionizing radiation in the halophilic archaeon, Halobacterium salinarum NRC-1.
The halophilic archaeon Halobacterium salinarum NRC-1 was used as a model system to investigate cellular damage induced by exposure to high doses of ionizing radiation (IR). Oxidative damages are the main lesions from IR and result from free radicals production via radiolysis of water. This is the first study to quantify DNA base modification in

Analysis of morphogenetic movements in the development of the notum anlage of Drosophila melanogaster.
A comparison of the morphogenetic maps of the notum anlage of Drosophila melanogaster derived from the gynandromorph data and mosaics induced by somatic crossing-over during the first instar larval stage revealed that practically no major morphogenetic movements occur in the development of the anlage between the blastoderm and first instar larval stages and the adult stage

Provider variability in the initial diagnosis and treatment of congenital hypothyroidism.
Early diagnosis and expeditious treatment of newborns with congenital hypothyroidism (CH) is necessary to avoid mental retardation. A survey of 44 practitioners in the southern US was conducted to better understand common practices regarding neonatal CH and the findings were compared with current guidelines in the US and Europe. Responses indicated some consensus that 10-15 μg of thyroid hormone/kg/day was the appropriate dosage. However, despite guidelines advocating their

Inflammatory joint diseases exhibit distinct pathohistological and immunological characteristics. The studies performed demonstrated that in comparison to normal controls peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) presented an increased percentage of monocytic cells. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with RA produced significantly increased amounts of prostaglandin E2 and significantly decreased amounts of interferon-gamma following mitogen stimulation with LPS or PWM respectively. The spontaneous production of interleukin 1 was found to be elevated. A significantly increased LPS induced production of

Preparation and structure of novel hexaazaisowurtzitane cages.
Hexaazaisowurtzitane or cage molecules have attracted attention concerning their synthesis because hexanitrohexaazaisowurtzitane (HNIW or CL20) is presently the most powerful energetic compound. The synthesis of hexaazaisowurtzitanes was considered to be limited solely to the condensation of certain benzylamines with glyoxal. Here, we present

The drinking water treatment industry has seen a recent increase in the use of artificial neural networks (ANNs) for process modelling and offline process control tools and applications. While conceptual frameworks for integrating the ANN technology into the real-time control of complex treatment processes have been proposed, actual working systems have yet to be developed. This paper presents development and application of an ANN model-based advanced process control system for the coagulation process at a pilot-scale water treatment facility in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. The system

Life-long food restriction is known to slow aging and reduce the rate of occurrence of age-associated disease processes, but the mechanism by which this is accomplished is unknown. In this study we have examined the effect of food restriction on the proliferative response of spleen cells to mitogens and lymphokine production in 6-, 18-, and 30-month-old AL and FR Fischer-344 x Brown Norway (F-344 x BNF1) female rats whose average life span is 137 weeks on an

This case-control study explores the underlying mechanisms of imitation problems in boys with autism by manipulating imitation task variables and by correlating imitation performance with competence on general motor tests (Movement Assessment Battery for Children and Peabody Developmental Motor Scales). Fifty-five boys participated in this study: eight low-functioning with autism (LFA), 13 with mental retardation (MR), 17 high-functioning with autism (HFA) and 17 typically developing (TD). LFA performed significantly worse

Association of a 27-bp repeat polymorphism in ecNOS gene with ischemic stroke in Chinese patients.
To investigate the association between a 27-bp repeat polymorphism of the ecNOS gene in 364 patients with ischemic stroke and 516 control subjects. The incidence of stroke in China is higher than that of coronary artery disease. Furthermore, ischemic stroke is more prevalent than hemorrhagic stroke. A 27-bp repeat polymorphism in intron 4 of the endothelial constitutive nitric oxide synthase (ecNOS) gene has been reported to associate

Regional skin temperature changes in a rat model for the menopausal hot flush.
Administration of naloxone to morphine-dependent male and female rats produced a significant rise in both tail skin temperature and foot temperature with a subsequent fall in colonic temperature. The magnitudes of the skin temperature surges were similar in the two regions, with the elevation in foot temperature preceding the rise in tail skin temperature. These regional skin temperature surges were similar in magnitude, duration and temporal pattern in both the male

Supramolecular metal complexes formed through hydrogen bonding between tris(3,4,5-decyloxy)stilbazole and several metallo-organic acids of the type [Au(R)(CNC6H4CO2H)] (R = C6F5, C6F4OC10H21), [cis-[MCl2(CNC6H4COOH)2] and [trans-[MI2(CNC6H4COO

In ruminants, interferon tau (IFNT) is synthesized and secreted by the mononuclear trophectoderm cells of the conceptus and maintains the corpus luteum and its secretion of progesterone for successful implantation and maintenance of pregnancy. In this study, we examined regulation of the expression of N-myc interactor (NMI) gene by IFNT in the ovine uterus based on results of microarray data from a study that compared gene expression by human 2fTGH and U3A (

The aim of the present investigation was to evaluate the influence of liposome formulation on the ability of vesicles to penetrate a pathological mucus model obtained from COPD affected patients in order to assess the potential of such vesicles for the treatment of chronic respiratory diseases by inhalation. Therefore, Small Unilamellar Liposomes (PLAIN-LIPOSOMEs), Pluronic® F127-surface modified liposomes (PF-LIPOSOMEs) and PEG 2000PE-surface modified liposomes (PEG-L

Roentgen stereophotogrammetric analysis (RSA) measures micromotion of an orthopaedic implant with respect to its surrounding bone. A problem in RSA is that the markers are sometimes overprojected by the implant itself. This study describes the so-called Marker Configuration Model-based RSA (MCM-based RSA) that is able to measure the pose of a rigid body in situations where less than three markers could be detected in both images of an RSA radiograph. MCM-

[Stability analysis of an enhanced load sharing dynamic pedicle screw fixation device and its equivalent rigid device].
To compare the stability of an enhanced load sharing dynamic pedicle screw fixation device with its equivalent rigid device and to evaluate biomechanical roles of the dynamic fixation. A model of L(1) body fracture was produced on seven specimens of fresh adult cadaver spine from T(10) to L(4). Both dynamic and rigid devices were applied in the specimens to strength the injured level. R

Age as a prognostic factor in cancer of the cervix: the UAMS experience.
Current literature has conflicting reports as to the effect of age on prognosis in cancer of the uterine cervix. In order to evaluate this in our patient population we undertook a retrospective chart review of 235 cases of cervical cancer that were seen at the Central Arkansas Radiation Therapy Institute (CARTI) and the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) from March 1974 to June 1985 and were followed for a minimum

Chromosomal and genetic alterations of 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene-induced melanoma from TP-ras transgenic mice.
The TP-ras transgenic mouse line expresses an activated human T24 Ha-ras gene with a mutation in codon 12, regulated by a mouse tyrosinase promoter. The transgene is expressed in melanocytes of the skin, eyes, and brain. The mice develop cutaneous melanoma when treated with 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthr

Development of coagulation disorders remains a major challenge in pig-to-primate organ xenotransplantation. Our previous studies demonstrated that porcine aortic endothelial cells (pAEC) activate human platelets to express tissue factor (TF). In this study, we investigated the molecular interaction between human platelets and pAEC to identify possible targets for further genetic modification and/or systemic therapy. Human platelets were incubated with pAEC from wild-type (WT), α1,3-galactosyltransferase gene-knock

Since adjuvant chemotherapy and hormonal therapy generally extend disease free survival in breast cancer rather than provide a cure, we have examined the current breast cancer paradigm. Heterogeneity is a fundamental characteristic of breast cancer tissue and a well recognized aspect of the disease. There are variations in natural history, histopathology, biochemistry and endocrinology, and molecular biology of cancer tissues and cells within the tissues. A variety of data indicate that growth kinetics are also variable, not only from tumor to tumor, but also during

Goblet cell carcinoid of the appendix: laparoscopic appendectomy or right hemicolectomy?
Goblet cell carcinoids are uncommon tumours with histological features of both adenocarcinoma and carcinoid tumour. They occur predominantly in the appendix and although the malignant potential remains unclear, adenocarcinoids appear to be more aggressive than conventional carcinoids. In this case report, we present a goblet cell carcinoid with laparoscopic operative treatment in two stages. A 43-year-old female patient with constant

Only one case of carcinosarcoma in the pouch of douglas has been reported in the English literature. The author herein reports a case of carcinosarcoma of the pouch of douglas. A rapidly growing tumor (10 cm in diameter) was found in the pelvic cavity of a 51-year-old woman, and an operation was performed for the clinical diagnosis of left ovarian malignancy. However, it was found that the tumor was located in the pouch of douglas, free of ovarian involvement.

The purpose of this study is to examine the expression of Yes-associated protein (YAP) in metaplastic carcinoma and compare to those of triple-negative breast carcinoma (TNBC) for investigation of its implication. Tissue microarrays containing 34 cases of metaplastic carcinoma and 175 cases of TNBC were constructed and immunohistochemical staining was used to evaluate expression of the following proteins: YAP and phosphorylated YAP (pYAP). According to immunohistochemical staining results of cytokeratin 5/6, EGFR,

The incidence of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) shows large regional differences. This variability cannot be completely explained by differences in classical risk factors. 28-day case fatality of AMI remains unacceptably high with 50% on the average, although therapeutic possibilities have improved considerably. Time trends in mortality from ischaemic heart disease (IHD) show a decrease in most Western European countries and an increase in Eastern Europe. On a population level, the impact of medical care on the short-term

Elastic properties of ascending aorta and ventricular-arterial coupling in women with previous pregnancy complicated by HELLP syndrome.
To compare the elastic properties of the ascending aorta and ventricular-arterial coupling (VAC) in women with a previous pregnancy complicated by hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome, women who experienced preeclampsia, and healthy controls. Women with a history of preeclampsia (n = 60) or HELLP syndrome (n

Seasonal and Annual Source Appointment of Carbonaceous Ultrafine Particulate Matter (PM0.1) in Polluted California Cities.
Samples of ultrafine particle matter mass (PM0.1) were collected over 12 months at three cities in California: Los Angeles, East Oakland, San Pablo, and over six months at Fresno. Molecular markers adjusted for volatility and reactivity were used to calculate PM0.1 source contributions. Wood burning was a significant source of PM0.1

Chronic hypoxia and tubulointerstitial injury: a final common pathway to end-stage renal failure.
Recent studies emphasize the role of chronic hypoxia in the tubulointerstitium as a final common pathway to end-stage renal failure. When advanced, tubulointerstitial damage is associated with the loss of peritubular capillaries. Associated interstitial fibrosis impairs oxygen diffusion and supply to tubular and interstitial cells. Hypoxia of tubular cells leads to apoptosis or epithelial-mesenchymal trans

The adverse mental health of carers: Does the patient diagnosis play a role?
The adverse mental health effects of caring have been studied, frequently in carers of people with dementia. Less is known about the mental health of carers of people with other conditions. This study compared depression and burden in older carers looking after people with a variety of conditions. Over 200 older carers interested in participating in the Improving Mood through Physical Activity in Carers and Care-recipient Trial were included in

Comparison of three methods of DNA extraction from cold-smoked salmon and impact of physical treatments.
To compare three bacterial DNA extraction procedures on cold-smoked salmon (CSS) and assess the impact on their efficiency of two physical treatments of the food matrix, ionizing irradiation and freezing. As molecular methods for bacterial detection have become an important analytical tool, we compared bacterial DNA extraction procedures on CSS. Working with frozen and irradiated CSS, we obtained negative responses from samples known to be highly contaminated. Thus

To help test the hypothesis that transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) may serve an autocrine function in the retina, we asked whether human Müller (glial) cells in culture express TGF-beta receptors, contain transcripts for various isoforms of this cytokine, and release TGF-beta s into the medium. Using the reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) technique with specific primers for TGF-beta 1, -beta 2 and -beta 3 precursors and for TGF-

Effect of hydrocortisone on the pituitary response to growth hormone releasing hormone.
In depression, the growth hormone (GH) response to clonidine and L-tryptophan (L-TRP) is reduced, suggesting reduced alpha2-adrenergic and serotonin (5-HT)1A receptor function. Pretreatment with hydrocortisone (100 mg, orally 11 h before) also blunts the GH response to L-TRP. This effect may be mediated at

Based on published research results on the structure of the human retina and the initial assumption of tight hexagonal packing of cones, the mean cone-distance function is derived. Disorder in the cone lattice is explained as the superposition of increasing topological distortion in the hexagonal lattice (providing a possible explanation for observed systematic lattice distortions) and local jitter of neighbor-to-neighbor distances, for which a simple statistical model is provided. These individual results are incorporated into a proposed algorithm for simulating the cone

Several studies suggest that the prevalence of allergic diseases have increased worldwide in recent years. However, in Mexico, those diseases have not been assessed throughout time. The aim of this study was to determine whether there has been a change in the prevalence of childhood asthma, eczema, and atopic rhinitis in Mexican schoolchildren. Following the methodology recommended by the International Study of Asthma and Allergy in Childhood, we performed two cross-sectional assessments (1995/2002) using a standardized questionnaire-

Febrile neutropenia and hemorrhagic stroke in a thalassemia major patient.
A 36-year-old transfusion-dependent thalassemia major patient presented with febrile neutropenia and anemia. Deferiprone (L1) was discontinued as it was suspected to be the offending agent and prompt broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy was initiated after which the patient improved. After 11 days the patient developed hemorrhagic stroke and seizure whereby aspirin was discontinued and supportive therapy was given.

The role of 99mTc-MIBI scintigraphy in the assessment of MDR1 overexpression in patients with musculoskeletal sarcomas: comparison with therapy response.
The occurrence of multidrug resistance (MDR), which is in part due to the overexpression of P-glycoprotein (Pgp), is a major problem in neoadjuvant therapy of malignant musculoskeletal tumours. The aim of this study was to investigate the role of technetium-99m hexakis-2-meth

[Can donor insemination be optimised?].
To compare the different donor insemination technics. Analysis of the published studies about donor insemination which value the effectiveness of Intra Cervical Insemination (ICID) and Intra Uterine Insemination (IUID), the interest of ovulation induction, the possible complications, and the cost-effectiveness ratio. The meta-analysis of the Cochrane data base (10 comparative studies IUID versus ICID, 2568

Various factors have been reported to be associated with the duration of regulatory review of new drug applications (NDAs). We investigated potential links between the review times in Japan and the attributes of NDAs, the regulatory agency and pharmaceutical companies. We analysed new drugs approved in 2000-2009 in Japan using a proprietary database collected through annual surveys to pharmaceutical companies. Regression models in which individual firms were treated as either a fixed effect or a random effect were applied to examine factors associated with the overall review time and the

Nitrite reduction and detection at a carbon paste electrode containing hemoglobin and colloidal gold.
A novel renewable reagentless nitrite biosensor based on the direct electron transfer of hemoglobin (Hb) and a new sensing mechanism was proposed by combining the advantageous features of colloidal gold nanoparticle and carbon paste technology. The direct electrochemistry of immobilized Hb displayed a pair of redox peaks with a formal potential of -42 mV (vs. NHE) in 0.2 mol dm(-3) NaAc

Nitric oxide synthase immunoreactivity in the rat hippocampus after status epilepticus induced by perforant pathway stimulation.
Nitric oxide has recently been implicated in mediation of neuronal excitotoxicity and damage. This study aimed at elucidating the changes in the expression of neuronal isoform of nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) in the hippocampus after status epilepticus induced by perforant pathway stimulation. nNOS-immunoreactivity (nNOS-ir) and neuronal damage, assessed by silver staining, were evaluated

The development of the male reproductive ducts and external genitalia in vertebrates is dependent on elevated androgen concentrations during embryonic development and the period of postnatal growth. We have observed that a population of juvenile alligators living on Lake Apopka exhibit significantly smaller penis size (24% average decrease) and lower plasma concentrations of testosterone (70% lower concentrations) when compared to animals of similar size on Lake Woodruff. In addition to smaller phalli, no relationship exists between plasma testosterone concentrations and penile

The relationship between structural and hemodynamic heterogeneity of microvascular networks is examined by analyzing the effects of topological and geometric irregularities on network hemodynamics. Microscopic observations of a network in the rat mesentery provided data on length, diameter, and interconnection of all 913 segments. Two idealized network structures were derived from the observed network. In one, the topological structure was made symmetric; in another a further idealization was made by assigning equal lengths and diameters to all segments with topologically equivalent

Being based on the principle of Latham's appliance, this experiment is designed to detect activity of osteoblasts in the maxillary sutures of Wistar rats with bilateral artificial cleft palate by immunohistochemistry technique, and evaluate the effects of this appliance on the growth and development of the maxilla. The animal models of male infant Wistar rats with bilateral cleft palate were made by removing some palatal bones, splitting a "V" gap of 1.5 cm wide at the line between premaxilla and segments

The emergence of variant CJD (vCJD) in the last decade has heightened awareness of the need for rigorous infection control precautions in all healthcare environments. It has also raised particular problems in relation to the clinical management of patients who are either suffering from prion diseases or who are perceived as being 'at risk'. From the healthcare perspective CJD is of concern because at present it is an incurable, fatal disease and the causative agent, abnormal prion protein, is resistant to conventional inactivation procedures.

Personality as a predictor of hypochondriacal concerns: results from two longitudinal studies.
To explore the extent to which the domains of the Big 5 are risk factors for hypochondriacal concerns (HCs). Two longitudinal studies, one using blood donors (over a 16-17-month period) and one using undergraduate students (over a 2.5-month period), were used to collect data on the Big 5 and HCs. Univariate analyses indicated that: (1

Assessment of bone turnover in the dry period of dairy cows by measurement of plasma bone GLA protein, total plasma alkaline phosphatase activity and urinary hydroxyproline.
Plasma osteocalcin, or plasma bone GLA protein (BGP), total plasma alkaline phosphatase activity and urinary hydroxyproline excretion of twenty-four pregnant dairy cows (thirteen in their first or second pregnancy, i.e. low parity, and eleven in their third or more pregnancies, i.e. high parity

Frizzleds (FZDs) are a group of seven transmembrane-spanning (7TM) receptors that belong to class F of the G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) superfamily. FZDs bind WNT proteins to stimulate diverse signaling cascades involved in embryonic development, stem cell regulation, and adult tissue homeostasis. Frizzled 5 (FZD5) is one of the most studied class F GPCRs that promote the functional inactivation of the β-catenin

Neurofibrillary pathology is a characteristic hallmark of Alzheimer's disease that is closely correlated with cognitive decline. We have analysed the density and distribution of neurofibrillary tangles (NFTs) that are immunoreactive with the monoclonal antibody (mAb) 423 in a prospectively analysed population of Alzheimer's disease (AD) cases and age-matched controls. NFTs were examined in allocortical and isocortical areas and correlated with Braak pathological stage and clinical severity of dementia. The

Perinatal exposure to infections during critical developmental periods is a promising area of study in autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Epidemiological data has highlighted this relationship, pointing out significant correlations between perinatal exposure to pathogens and the occurrence of ASD. The aim of this review is to critically examine the present state of the art on intracellular pathogenic infection during pregnancy and postnatally, pointing out possible correlations with the development of ASD. We reviewed and collected studies concerning potential associations between intracellular pathogens like viral, bacterial,

Apparent competitive inhibition of radioligand binding to receptors: experimental and theoretical considerations in the analysis of equilibrium binding data.
Radioligand binding and displacement experiments are often interpreted in terms of simple competition between two ligands for occupancy of a single binding site on a receptor. Given our current understanding of the complexities of receptor structure and function, it is probable that more complex interactions occur in many cases. By analysis of a hypothetical two-site receptor model, we show that apparent competitive inhibition can arise

Hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia is a rare autosomal recessive disorder which manifests in early infancy with generalized seizures, other symptoms of neuromuscular irritability, and growth disturbances. Homozygous mutations in the magnesium transporter gene, transient receptor potential melastatin 6 (TRPM6), cause the disease. Here, we present an 8-month-old Turkish boy with a novel mutation of TRPM6. The patient, son of first-degree cousins, was hospitalized because of recurrent seizures

[Prognostic value of immunohistochemistry in salivary gland cancer].
The diversity of salivary gland malignancies as to morphology and clinical course makes it difficult to establish prognostic factors. The aim of this study was to evaluate the prognostic significance of, a. o., immunohistochemical criteria in a retrospective study of salivary gland cancer. Clinical and histologic data were recorded for 101 patients with carcinomas of the salivary glands. Immunohistochemistry was performed for Ki-67, P53, C-KIT, HER2, EGFR,

Hypersensitivity reactions in two women with pulmonary lesions, autoimmune reactions with positive antinuclear factor and liver damage following long-term nitrofurantoin treatment are discussed. One patient had taken nitrofurantoin for more than 1 year and the other for more than 2 when their symptoms appeared. They were in a very poor condition, but recovered when the drug was withdrawn. Lymphocyte transformation test in vitro showed significant blast-transformation, indicating the involvement of immunological mechanisms. Treatment with corticosteroids had not

The energy storage by redox intercalation reactions is, nowadays, the most effective rechargeable ion battery. When lithium is used as intercalating agents, the high energy density is achieved at an expense of non-sustainability. The replacement of Li+ with cheaper monovalent ions enables to make greener battery alternatives. The utilization of polyvalent ions instead of Li+ permits to multiplying the battery capacity. Contrary to Li+ , the realization of quick and reversible intercalation of bigger

[Gait analysis in patients with total hip endoprostheses. Part I: Gait analysis--the electroichnograph--(EKIG-3) Riga].
The pace analysis of patients with a total hip replacement has been carried out by means of the electroichnograph EKIG-3 of the Riga Institute of Orthopaedics and Traumatology. It comprises foot analysis (heel torsion, sole exercise, ball torsion, contact ability by using special

The aim of the study was to analyze the relationship between lymph nodal involvement and regional and/or distant recurrences in locally advanced squamous cervical carcinomas, and also evaluate tumor 72-kDa metalloproteinase, as a biologic parameter useful for understanding the mechanisms of disease relapse and prognosis. In particular, 72-kDa metalloproteinase is an enzyme that specifically cleaves type IV collagen and seems to play a critical role in tumor invasion and metastatic dissemination. The medical records of 62 patients with FIGO (International

Modern medicine requires tight multidisciplinary collaboration and communication among several technical disciplines. Nevertheless, multidisciplinary medical courses are rare and even less often scientifically evaluated. The aim was to evaluate an innovative neuro-oncology course for medical students (MED) and students of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) so that they learn and practice mutual understanding, communication and cooperation. 10 MED and 9 STEM were trained together during a one-week-course on the topic of "brain tumor" in imaging, surgical planning

Based on census tract information, cancer incidence rates for three socio-economic strata of the city of Cali, Colombia, were calculated. Strong negative associations with socio-economic status were found for cancers of the cervix and stomach. Colon cancer and endocrine-related cancers were positively associated with socio-economic status, while no such association was found for rectal cancer. Contrary to data from developed countries, all smoking-related cancers were positively associated with socio-economic class. The role of socio-economic gradients

The opening lectures, which formerly marked the beginning of a professor's duties in an academic institution, are important documents for science historians. Several opening lectures in chemistry (organic, inorganic, analytical, biological or medicinal chemistry), which were given by French pharmacists in the Ecole or the Faculté de pharmacie de Paris, in the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris, or in the Collège de France are analyzed. First, these lectures reveal formal aspects, such

Attentional bias for negative information, i.e. difficulties in disengagement from negative stimuli, is considered to be one of the core mechanisms involved in the onset and maintenance of depression. However, current attention training procedures aimed at reducing this bias have shown limited success. In addition to the reliability and validity concerns generated by the use of dot-probe paradigm in these procedures, an important factor is the limited consideration of motivational influences in the use of attention training. Therefore, in the current study we examined whether

Reactive oxygen intermediates mediate brain injury in bacterial meningitis. Several antioxidant drugs are clinically available, including N-acetylcysteine (NAC), deferoxamine (DFO), and trylizad-mesylate (TLM). The present study evaluated whether these antioxidants are beneficial in a model of pneumococcal meningitis. Eleven-day-old rats were infected intracisternally with Streptococcus pneumoniae and randomized to intraperitoneal treatment every 8 h with NAC (200 mg/kg), D

We reviewed the incidence and severity of scoliosis in 93 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy who had been rehabilitated in light-weight knee-ankle-foot orthoses at the point of loss of ambulation, between the ages of 6 and 12 years. There was an inverse relationship between the severity of the scoliosis and the age walking was lost in the orthoses. The scoliosis was less severe in the 20 boys (22%) who walked in their orthoses

Coenzyme Q10 enhances cardiac functional and metabolic recovery and reduces Ca2+ overload during postischemic reperfusion.
The effects of coenzyme Q10 (CoQ) were studied in isolated, isovolumic rat hearts during a 30-min period of global ischemia followed by 40 min of reperfusion. After reperfusion 1) the relative recovery of developed pressure (DP) was increased by CoQ (75 vs. 40% of the preischemic value for 20 microM CoQ and control hearts

Polyphenols targeting diabetes via the AMP-activated protein kinase pathway; future approach to drug discovery.
Regarding the widespread progression of diabetes, its related complications and detrimental effects on human health, investigations on this subject seems compulsory. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is a serine/threonine kinase and a key player in energy metabolism regulation. AMPK is also considered as a prime target for pharmaceutical and therapeutic studies on disorders such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome and obesity, where the body energy

Treatment of hepatitis C-associated mixed cryoglobulinemia vasculitis.
Hepatitis C virus infection is the main cause of mixed cryoglobulinemia vasculitis. The disease expression of mixed cryoglobulinemia vasculitis is variable, ranging from mild clinical symptoms (purpura, arthralgia) to fulminant life-threatening complications (glomerulonephritis, widespread vasculitis). Treatment of hepatitis C virus-mixed cryoglobulinemia vasculitis may target either the viral trigger

Economic aspects are of increasing importance in health care. However, treatment expenditures for most diseases are unknown. We performed a detailed cost analysis for the treatment of the exacerbated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (ECOPD) in our department. For one year, all patients admitted because of exacerbated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease were included in this study. The workload was assessed for each patient by time keeping. Diagnostic and therapeutic procedures were considered according to the price list of the German hospital association. From 101 patients included into the

Synthetic pyrethroids, a major insecticide group, are used worldwide to control agricultural and household pests. Mammalian metabolism of pyrethroids was substantially launched in the 1960s and 1970s by the research groups of Professor Casida and Sumitomo Chemical Co., which made great contributions to the elucidation of their metabolic fates. They showed that ester hydrolysis and oxidation play predominant roles in mammalian metabolism of pyrethroids and that rapid metabolism leads to low mammalian toxicity.

Cavernous sinus hemangiomas represent 3% of all benign cavernous sinus tumors. They are dangerous tumors because of the risk of excessive bleeding, but they are easier to dissect from surrounding structures than meningiomas because of the presence of a pseudocapsule. Three cases where total excision was achieved with minimal blood loss, without stroke, and with preservation of cranial nerve function in 2 cases are reported, and 50 cases from the literature are reviewed. Hemangiomas can be distinguished preoperatively

Rhodococcus subtropicus sp. nov., a new actinobacterium isolated from a cave.
A novel Gram-stain-positive actinobacterial strain, designated C9-28T, was isolated from soil sampled in a natural cave on Jeju Island, Republic of Korea. Strain C9-28T morphologically exhibited a rod-coccus life cycle and grew at 10-37 °C (optimum, 30 °C), pH 6-9 (optimum, pH

WHO regulations, dating back to 1951, emphasise the role of expert opinion in the development of recommendations. However, the organisation's guidelines, approved in 2003, emphasise the use of systematic reviews for evidence of effects, processes that allow for the explicit incorporation of other types of information (including values), and evidence-informed dissemination and implementation strategies. We examined the use of evidence, particularly evidence of effects, in recommendations developed by WHO departments. We interviewed department directors (or their delegates) at WHO headquarters

Purification and characterization of a rat liver enzyme that hydrolyzes valaciclovir, the L-valyl ester prodrug of acyclovir.
Valaciclovir is an oral prodrug of the antiherpetic agent acyclovir. An enzyme that hydrolyzes valaciclovir to acyclovir, valaciclovir hydrolase (VACVase), was purified from rat liver and characterized. VACVase was a basic (pI 9.4)

Acute neonatal suppurative parotitis: case reports and review.
We describe two cases of neonatal suppurative parotitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus. Only 32 cases of neonatal suppurative parotitis (72% male) have been described in the English literature in the last 35 years. Thirty-eight percent were premature babies, only 41% were febrile and the causative agent in most cases was S. aureus. Recovery was achieved in 78% of the patients with

[Ductal carcinoma in situ in dynamic MR-mammography at 1.5 T].
To define the value of contrast-enhanced MR mammography in ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS). In a group of 35 patients with DCIS, the results of MR imaging were compared to histopathology and immunohistochemistry in a retrospective study. In 35 patients with DCIS, a signal enhancement was found in 25 cases (72%). In 15 of these cases, the signal time curve was typical for

[Age-and, education-corrected number connection test and digit symbol test in diagnosis of minimal hepatic encephalopathy].
To determine the age-and education-corrected control values for the number connection test (NCT) and digit symbol test (DST) psychometric measures to increase their accuracy for diagnosis of minimal hepatic encephalopathy (MHE). The NCT Part A (NCT-A) and DST were administered to 843 healthy volunteers (age range:16-65 years;

We describe the findings at autopsy in a patient who underwent Rotablator atherectomy of the right coronary artery. During the procedure, the artery became occluded. Despite attempts to reopen the vessel with balloon angioplasty and emergency coronary artery bypass grafting, the patient developed irreversible cardiac failure and expired 2 days after the Rotablator procedure. At autopsy, the right coronary artery was found to be occluded by thrombus. No evidence of dissection or perforation of the vessel wall was seen. Small intram

To investigate patients' mobility and satisfaction with their lower-limb prosthetic or orthotic device and related service delivery in Sierra Leone; to compare groups of patients regarding type and level of assistive device, gender, area of residence, income; and to identify factors associated with satisfaction with the assistive device and service. A total of 139 patients answered questionnaires, including the Quebec User Evaluation of Satisfaction with Assistive Technology questionnaire (QUEST 2.0). Eighty-six percent of assistive

Two newborn infants with ichthyosis, one with lamellar ichthyosis and one with nonbullous ichthyosis form erythroderma, who presented at birth with a collodion baby appearance, were treated with acitretin (1 mg/kg/day). Clinical improvement was achieved shortly after treatment. The second case received oral retinoid for 3.5 months and was followed for nine months. The result was excellent. The treatment resulted in a satisfactory improvement in

We examined the effect of inhaled histamine on citric acid-induced coughs and clarified the role of ionotropic purinergic receptors in the resulting changes. Although the inhalation of 0.1 M citric acid by itself produced only a few coughs in guinea pigs, exposure to histamine, at concentrations of 0.3 to 1 mM, for 2 min concentration dependently increased the number of citric acid-induced coughs. This histamine-induced increase in the number of citric

The Spatial Morphology of Intraluminal Thrombus Influences Type II Endoleak After Endovascular Repair of Abdominal Aortic Aneurysms.
Type 2 endoleaks (T2E) after endovascular repair (EVAR) of abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) can lead to sac expansion or failure of sac regression, and often present as a management dilemma. Intraluminal thrombus (ILT) may influence the likelihood of endoleaks after EV

Identification of adjuvants that enhance the therapeutic antibody response to host IgE.
In the development of a novel vaccine against atopic allergies, we have screened for adjuvants that enhance the therapeutic antibody response against self immunoglobulin E (IgE). The response against self IgE is induced by administration of a vaccine antigen, which contains both self and non-self IgE regions, together with an adjuvant. We evaluated five commonly used adjuvants; Freund's, aluminium hydroxide, ISCOMs

This study was designed to investigate whether EGB protect against ethanol-induced oxidative injury in rat testes. The rats were pretreated with EGB (4.8,9.6 mg/100g bw per day) before 30% ethanol administration (2.37g/kg bw by gastric incubation). Ninety days later, the rats were killed in order to measure the activities of Superoxide Dismutase (SOD), Glutathione Reductase (GST), Glut

Biological Data on Anovia punica Gordon (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae), a Predator of Crypticerya multicicatrices Kondo & Unruh (Hemiptera: Monophlebidae).
The coccinellid beetle Anovia punica Gordon (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae: Noviini) is an important predator of the Colombian fluted scale, Crypticerya multicicatrices Kondo & Un

Continuous positive airways pressure for obstructive sleep apnoea.
Obstructive sleep apnoea is the periodic reduction (hypopnoea) or cessation (apnoea) of breathing due to narrowing or occlusion of the upper airway during sleep. The main symptom is daytime sleepiness although there it has been linked to premature death, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease, stroke and road traffic accidents. The main treatment for sleep apnoea is with continuous positive airways pressure (CP

Serum prolactin response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone during status epilepticus.
Determination of serum prolactin can help distinguish between epileptic and pseudo-epileptic attacks since generalized tonic-clonic and complex partial seizures frequently are accompanied by a transient rise in prolactin. In status epilepticus, however, serum prolactin levels are well within the normal range: cellular depletion due to the prolonged seizure activity has been suggested as a mechanism for this finding. The

Two duplex coatings, Cr(N)/S and Cr(C)/S, were deposited on 316 L stainless steel by magnetron sputtering. The effectiveness of these duplex coatings in improving the tribocorrosion behavior of medical alloys under elastic contact conditions has been demonstrated in a recent publication. The present work focused on the response of these duplex coatings to tribocorrosion under plastic contact conditions. Tribocorrosion tests were conducted in 0.89% NaCl solution at 37°C

Recently, increasing evidence has been found demonstrating direct effects of angiostatin on tumor cells themselves. We have applied the plasminogen derivatives K1-4 and K1-5 to a lung cancer model to analyse indirect angiostatic effects against endothelial and direct effects against tumor cells. In accordance with preceding findings both derivatives inhibited endothelial cell functions in vitro. Additionally K1-4 and K1-5 have also shown substantial anti-proliferative and pro-apoptotic effects in tumor cells and have inhibited

Case Study: Supply Chain Transformation in the Mercy Health System.
The Mercy case study documents evidence of a clinically integrated supply chain strategy implemented in the peri-operative programs in three of the 46 hospitals in the Mercy system. Mercy became the first US health system to achieve "the perfect order," a supply chain industry standard with end-to-end integration of supply chain best practice in the Mercy system. To date, the Mercy strategy has demonstrated revenue growth of $8

The aim of the present study was to identify stakeholder and program beneficiary needs and wants in relation to a netball communication strategy in Tonga. In addition, the study aimed to more clearly identify audience segments for targeting of communication campaigns and to identify any barriers or benefits to engaging in the physical activity program. A rapid assessment and response (RAR) methodology was used. The elicitation research encompassed qualitative fieldwork approaches, including semistructured interviews with key informants and focus group discussions with

Controlling the size polydispersity of colloidal particles is important for their phase transitions, resulting structures, and properties. In this study, a fractionation method was established to control the polydispersity of colloidal plates based on the isotropic-nematic (I-N) phase transition. The size ratio of nanoplates between the N phase and the I phase (DN/DI) was relatively large, whereas the size polydispersities in both the N phase and the I

Mapping distributed sources of cortical rhythms in mild Alzheimer's disease. A multicentric EEG study.
The study aimed at mapping (i) the distributed electroencephalographic (EEG) sources specific for mild Alzheimer's disease (AD) compared to vascular dementia (VaD) or normal elderly people (Nold) and (ii) the distributed EEG sources sensitive to the mild AD at different stages of severity. Resting EEG (10-20 electrode montage) was recorded from 48 mild AD, 20

The formation of self-assembled monolayers on surfaces is often likely to be accompanied by the formation of byproducts, whose identification holds clues to the reaction mechanism but is difficult due to the minute amounts produced. We now report a successful identification of self-assembly byproducts using gold aerogel with a large specific surface area, a procedure likely to be applicable generally. Like a thin gold layer on a flat substrate, the aerogel surface is alkylated with n-butyl-d9 groups upon treatment with

Evaluation of adrenal function in long standing pulmonary tuberculosis: a study of 100 cases.
Tuberculosis is a major public health problem in Pakistan and adrenal involvement in long-standing tuberculosis has been found to be common. A multi-center study was conducted to assess the adrenal function using short Synacthen test in one hundred patients with tuberculosis of more than 6 months duration at three hospitals of Rawalpindi and Islamabad. Forty patients demonstrated impaired response to Synacthen test. In 21 (52

Based on the eddy-covariance system monitoring during leaf germination (15th March to 15th April 2015) and leaf forming (15th July to 15th August), the turbulence characteristics, turbulence intensity, normalized standard variance of turbulent wind speed and bulk transfer coefficient over forest plantation canopy in the Xiaolangdi Ecosystem Location Research Station were analyzed, aiming to deepen the understanding of the micro-meteorological characteristics of the forest ecosystem and provide scientific basis for the further studies of energy balance

Fiducial-based translational localization accuracy of electromagnetic tracking system and on-board kilovoltage imaging system.
The Calypso medical four-dimensional localization system uses AC electromagnetics, which do not require ionizing radiation, for accurate, real-time tumor tracking. This investigation compared the static and dynamic tracking accuracy of this system to that of an on-board imaging kilovoltage X-ray system for concurrent use of the two systems. The localization accuracies of a

Protein stabilization by RSUME accounts for PTTG pituitary tumor abundance and oncogenicity.
Increased levels of the proto-oncogene pituitary tumor-transforming gene 1 (PTTG) have been repeatedly reported in several human solid tumors, especially in endocrine-related tumors such as pituitary adenomas. Securin PTTG has a critical role in pituitary tumorigenesis. However, the cause of upregulation has not been found yet, despite analyses made at the gene, promoter and mRNA level that

Fluctuation theorems and the generalized Gibbs ensemble in integrable systems.
We derive fluctuation relations for a many-body quantum system prepared in a generalized Gibbs ensemble subject to a general nonequilibrium protocol. By considering isolated integrable systems, we find generalizations to the Tasaki-Crooks and Jarzynski relations. Our approach is illustrated by studying the one-dimensional quantum Ising model subject to a sudden change in the transverse field, where we find that the statistics of the work done and irreversible entropy

The methotrexate (MTX) and folate transport properties of five MTX-resistant lines of Leishmania major have been examined. These resistant lines all show a decreased Vmax for MTX influx, with no change in apparent affinity (Kt). The Vmax of folate influx is also proportionately decreased without alteration in Kt, supporting our proposal that there is a single carrier mediating influx of both ligands. Amplifications of two regions of DNA, the R region (encoding

Duplication of the thumb. A 20-year retrospective review.
Thumb duplication is a common congenital abnormality accounting for 6.6% of all hand deformities. The object of the primary surgery is to achieve a thumb with aligned joint surfaces and epiphyses perpendicular to the long axis, central flexor and extensor tendons, and adequate collateral ligaments. Experienced surgeons with an understanding of the abnormal anatomy and knowledge of the numerous refinements in technique cannot guarantee a flawless result.

[Lymph node metastases of unknown primary tumors. Sense and nonsense of a complicated search].
Malignant neoplasms are quite frequently (5% in our material) first diagnosed from their metastases. Detecting the site of the primary usually involves a time-consuming and costly work-up unpleasant for the patient. In a retrospective analysis of 60 cases of supraclavicular, cervical and axillary lymph node metastases, an attempt is made to establish guidelines for more economical and rational investigation. The most important

Biochemically purified and F(ab')2 immunoglobulin fractions were prepared from several antisera, including a human serum, which contained anti-zona pellucida activity. Anti-zona activity was monitored either by the formation of the antibody produced precipitation layer on the zona following antiserum treatment and/or by the indirect fluorescent antibody method. No changes in anti-zona activity were observed when the purified and the digested immunoglobulin preparations from each antiserum were compared to their whole serum counterparts.

Twitch contraction properties of plantar flexor muscles in pre- and post-pubertal boys and men.
This study compared electrically evoked twitch contraction characteristics of the plantar flexor muscles in pre-pubertal (11-year-old) and post-pubertal (16-year old) boys, and young (19- to 23-year-old) men. The posterior tibial nerve was stimulated by supramaximal square-wave pulses of 1 ms duration

Beclin 1-mediated autophagy in hepatocellular carcinoma cells: implication in anticancer efficiency of oroxylin A via inhibition of mTOR signaling.
Autophagy is a tightly-regulated catabolic process that involves the degradation of intracellular components via lysosomes. Although the pivotal role of autophagy in cell growth, development, and homeostasis has been well understood, its function in cancer prevention and intervention remains to be delineated. The aim of this study was to investigate the function and mechanism of autophagy induced by oroxyl

Investigation of cosmic rays and their secondaries at aircraft altitudes.
A very extensive study of the radiation field at aircraft altitudes has been carried out over the last few years. These investigations formed part of a European wide collaboration involving several laboratories with extensive experience in cosmic ray research and/or dosimetry. Among the main topics investigated were the charge spectra, LET spectra, anisotropy and dose values. The measurements were performed on subsonic and supersonic flights covering a wide range of altitudes

A sperm antigen corresponding to baboon sperm monoclonal antibody 1A9 was localized in the testis and ejaculated sperm in this animal, using the immunofluorescence technique and immunogold labelling. Immunohistochemical studies of the baboon testis showed that the antigenic determinant was localized in the late spermatid cells and spermatozoa close to the seminiferous tubules. Immunofluorescence studies indicate that the protein was localized on the acrosome region of ejaculated baboon sperm. At the electron-

The chemistry and photochemistry of the compound 4'-iodo-8-methoxyflavylium tetrafluoroborate was studied in solvent mixtures of water and ethanol. The trans-chalcone form (Ct) is always the most stable species at equilibrium. In particular, for the first time, Ct and not the flavylium cation is reported as the most stable species in mixtures containing water at pH 1.0. The rate of Ct formation as a function of the water content exhibits a bell

One hundred and twenty 30-day-old specific-pathogen-free chickens were inoculated with the liposomal inactivated avian pathogenic Escherichia coli (APEC) vaccine by eye drop or coarse spraying. All of the chickens produced anti-lipopolysaccharide antibodies of the IgG subclass in their sera as well as IgA antibodies in their oral mucus. The results demonstrated a rise in antibodies in the serum of chickens administered the APEC vaccine through nonparenteral mucosal routes. Bacterial counts in the blood decreased,

Structure, interactions and effects on activity of the 5'-terminal region of human telomerase RNA.
Telomerase is an enzyme that catalyzes addition of telomeric repeat sequences to the 3'-termini of eukaryotic chromosome DNA. The catalytic core of telomerase consists of a protein component, telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT), for the catalysis and an RNA component, telomerase RNA (TR), containing the template for the sequence. Human telomerase RNA (hTR) consists of 451 nucleotides

Intrinsic whole number bias in humans.
Humans have great difficulty comparing quotients including fractions, proportions, and probabilities and often erroneously isolate the whole numbers of the numerators and denominators to compare them. Some have argued that the whole number bias is a compensatory strategy to deal with difficult comparisons. We examined adult humans' preferences for gambles that differed only in numerosity, and not in factors that influence their expected value (probabilities and stakes). Subjects consistently preferred gambles with more winning balls

Regulation of Cav1.2 current: interaction with intracellular molecules.
Ca(V)1.2 (alpha(1c)) is a pore-forming subunit of the voltage-dependent L-type calcium channel and is expressed in many tissues. The beta and alpha(2)/delta subunits are auxiliary subunits that affect the kinetics and the expression of Ca(V)1.2. In addition to the beta and alpha(2)/delta subunits, several molecules have been reported to be involved

Secretome analysis of testicular peritubular cells: a window into the human testicular microenvironment and the spermatogonial stem cell niche in man.
Spermatogonial stem cells (SSCs) are vital for lifelong spermatogenesis in man. In their niches, a special growth factor milieu and structural support by surrounding cells are thought to ensure their maintenance. In man, the cells of the wall of seminiferous tubules, human testicular peritubular cells (HTPCs), are

Relationship between intellectual status and reading skills for developmentally disabled children.
The relationship between WISC-R Full Scale IQ and scores on the Woodcock Reading Mastery Tests were explored for 80 developmentally disabled children. While the children's reading skills correlated moderately and significantly with intellectual status, abstract reading skills, e.g., word comprehension, correlated more highly with Full Scale IQ than did concrete ones, e.g., word identification. The development of concrete learning patterns by such children was discussed,

The present work examines the generalizability of the anhedonia phenomenon (extinction-like responding with repeated neuroleptic treatment) by examining rats' licking behavior, a response heretofore untested, in the anhedonia paradigm. Nondeprived rats learned to lick a sucrose solution (32%) and were then tested for eight consecutive days in either a no-reward condition (N = 8) or two pimozide (PIM) with reward conditions (N = 8

Lack of therapeutic effect of colchicine on murine toxoplasmosis.
In a previous report, we showed that addition of colchicine to cultures of glial cells infected with Toxoplasma gondii decreased the number of parasites by up to 80%. To provide support for potential therapeutic use of colchicine in toxoplasmosis, a murine model of T. gondii infection was used. Mice infected with pure RH T. gondii tachyzoites (from 2,233 to 25,000

MMX mesalamine: a novel high-dose, once-daily 5-aminosalicylate formulation for the treatment of ulcerative colitis.
5-Aminosalicylate (5-ASA) agents are the first-line therapy for ulcerative colitis (UC). A high-dose, once-daily formulation of 5-ASA known as MMX mesalamine has recently been approved for the treatment of UC. To summarize current data on MMX mesalamine and

Employee empowerment, innovative behavior and job productivity of public health nurses: a cross-sectional questionnaire survey.
Employee empowerment is an important organizational issue. Empowered employees with new ideas and innovative attributes may increase their ability to respond more effectively to face extensive changes in current public health care work environments. The objective of this study was to investigate the relationships between employee empowerment, innovative behaviors and job productivity of public health nurses (PHNs). This study conducted a cross-sectional research design. Purposive sampling

Induction of ovulation is difficult to achieve in patients with PCOD when they are resistant to therapy with clomiphene citrate; moreover, treatment with human menopausal gonadotropins subjects the PCOD patient to the risk of multifollicular ovulation and hyperstimulation. This article summarizes the hormonal picture and the initial therapeutic approach to the patient with PCOD. The proper administration, usage, and monitoring of conventional ovulation-inducing agents for these patients are discussed. Some of the

Coexistence of human T-lymphotropic virus types I and II among the Wayuu Indians from the Guajira Region of Colombia.
High prevalences of human T-lymphotropic virus type II (HTLV-II) infection have been found recently among certain Amerindian groups in North, Central, and South America. To determine if the Amerindians of Colombia are similarly affected, 523 sera, collected between 1987 and 1990 from nine culturally distinct Indian groups from widely separated

In this study, we identified lymphocytes and MHC class II positive (MHC-II+) cells in the reproductive tract of female rabbits both before and after ovulation. CD43+ T cells were frequently present in the mucosa of the oviduct, cervix, and vagina, but far fewer positive cells were seen in the endometrium. The induction of ovulation did not change the cell density in these regions. KEN-5+ T cells and MHC-II+ cells were also frequently seen

The diagnosis of prostatic carcinoma.
The increased incidence of prostatic carcinoma is the result of several factors including increased awareness among clinicians and the public of the significance of carcinoma of the prostate, the aging of the American population, and improvements in diagnostic methods. Most patients in whom prostatic cancer currently is diagnosed are evaluated because of symptoms of bladder outlet obstruction or abnormalities found by digital rectal examination (DRE). Incidentally detected carcinoma of the prostate on simple prostatectomy specimens (transurethral resection or open

Renal abscess: an illustrative case and review of the literature.
A patient had pyleonephritis with fever and pain that did not resolve, which prompted an abdominal ultrasound examination that showed an abscess within the renal cortex. Renal abscesses are particularly dangerous because of their location and potential spread to adjacent tissues. Although ultrasound is the best modality for imaging a renal abscess, computed tomography provides better tissue contrast, especially in obese patients. The pathophysiology of renal abscesses has changed during the past 25

Knowledge of forces in the glenohumeral joint is essential for understanding normal and pathologic shoulder function. It forms the basis for performing fracture treatment or joint replacement surgery, for optimizing implant design and fixation and for improving and verifying analytical biomechanical models of the shoulder. An instrumented shoulder implant with telemetric data transmission was developed to measure six components of joint contact forces and moments. A patient with humeral head arthrosis achieved good joint function after its implantation. During the first 7 postoperative months,

This 2-part investigation examined indigenous concepts of desirable and undesirable attachment behavior among middle- and lower-class Anglo and lower-class Puerto Rican mothers in order to formulate culturally sensitive criteria of normative attachment behavior. Study 1 elicited indigenous concepts of desirable and undesirable attachment behavior using open-ended probes. On the basis of mothers' responses in Study 1, culturally sensitive vignettes of desirable and undesirable attachment behavior were constructed, and culturally relevant descriptors of toddler characteristics were selected. In Study 2, mothers'

Many painful conditions are associated with alterations in the extracellular matrix (ECM) of affected tissues. While several integrins, the receptors for ECM proteins, are present on sensory neurons that mediate pain, the possible role of these cell adhesion molecules in inflammatory or neuropathic pain has not been explored. We found that the intradermal injection of peptide fragments of domains of laminin and fibronectin important for adhesive signaling selectively inhibited the hyperalgesia caused by prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and

To explore the effects of microwave powers on temperature changes of dental pulpal chamber in vitro. 96 isolated teeth were prepared in three degrees of dental occlusal wear according to Smith BG's report. Temperature change values in dental pulpal chamber were recorded by thermometer (DM 6801A) while the different affect time and microwave powers acted directly and with 75% sodium fluoride glycerine paste on face of isolated teeth separately in room temperature. The degree of temperature in dental pulpal chamber was going up follow

[Autologous mesenchymal stem cells and cutaneus autograft as a treatment for chronic ulcer secondary to diabetes mellitus 2].
Diabetes mellitus 2 has become a global problem. It is estimated that 15% to 25% of patients could develop a chronic ulcer in their life, and nearly 33% of direct care costs of the diabetes mellitus 2 is spent on treating these ulcers. Mesenchymal stem cells have emerged as a promising cell source for the treatment of these ulcers. The case is presented of a 67

Separate neural mechanisms mediate sufentanil-induced pupillary responses in the cat.
The pharmacologic characteristics of a highly selective mu receptor agonist, sufentanil, were studied on the cat's pupillary responses (size, light reflex and fluctuations) measured with an infrared video pupillometer. The pupillary effects of sufentanil were also compared with those of morphine and clonidine, known mydriatics in the cat. Sufentanil (0.3

Morin, a bioflavonoid with antioxidant properties, shows intestinal anti-inflammatory activity in the acute phase of the trinitrobenzenesulphonic acid model of rat colitis. To assess the anti-inflammatory activity of morin in the chronic stages of trinitrobenzenesulphonic acid-induced rat colitis. Rats were rendered colitic by a single colonic instillation of 30 mg of the hapten trinitrobenzenesulphonic acid

[Neonatal mortality and morbidity. Priorities in perinatal care (author's transl)].
Perinatal mortality rates have been decreasing from 25 to 15 0/00 at the Port-Royal maternity hospital from 1969 to 1978. The incidence of materno-foetal infection has been stable within the last 10 years, around 1.2% live-births; mortality linked with these infections represents 28% of early neonatal deaths and remains nearly as high as mortality from malformations. The

Consistent Principal Component Modes from Molecular Dynamics Simulations of Proteins.
Principal component analysis is a technique widely used for studying the movements of proteins using data collected from molecular dynamics simulations. In spite of its extensive use, the technique has a serious drawback: equivalent simulations do not afford the same PC-modes. In this article, we show that concatenating equivalent trajectories and calculating the PC-modes from the concatenated one significantly enhances the reproducibility of the results. Moreover, the consistency of the modes can

The ability of conditioned media from the 5637 cell line and human placenta (HPCM) to stimulate the in vitro growth of human early erythroid and mixed myeloid/erythroid clones was tested and compared to phytohemagglutinin-stimulated leukocyte supernatants (PHA-LCM). Both 5637 supernatant and PHA-LCM were equally effective with a linear dose-response relationship. HPCM at various concentrations did not exhibit burst-promoting activity (BPA). Thus, "pl

Orbital cellulitis can produce severe neuromeningeal infections. Modern antimicrobial agents such as imipenem can be a valid therapeutical choice. Patients with severe or complicated orbital cellulitis admitted to our hospital from 1986 through 1994 were retrospectively studied. Nine patients with severe orbital cellulitis, seven of them older than 14 years, are reported. Cellulitis was secondary to different forms of sinusitis in five of them. The incriminated microorganisms were: Streptococcus viridans

11 beta-hydroxy-9 beta-estrone.
C18H22O3, Mr = 286.37, trigonal, P3(2), a = 10.091 (1), c = 12.271 (1) A, V = 1082.1 A3, Z = 3, Dx = 1.318 Mg m-3, lambda(Cu K alpha) = 1.5418 A, mu = 0.667 mm-1, T = 298

THEA: ontology-driven analysis of microarray data.
Microarray technology makes it possible to measure thousands of variables and to compare their values under hundreds of conditions. Once microarray data are quantified, normalized and classified, the analysis phase is essentially a manual and subjective task based on visual inspection of classes in the light of the vast amount of information available. Currently, data interpretation clearly constitutes the bottleneck of such analyses and there is an obvious need for tools able to fill the gap between data processed with mathematical

Quantitative detection of intracellular bacteria of the genus Chlamydia by the standard cell culture method is cumbersome and operator dependent. As an alternative, we adapted hot-start PCR to the glass capillary quantitative PCR format of the LightCycler. The optimized PCR was consistently more efficient than commercially available pre-assembled PCRs. Detection by quantitative PCR of as few as single copies of DNA of Chlamydia spp. was accomplished by SYBR Green fluorescence of the dsDNA product and by fluorescence resonance energy transfer (

Effects of xenon anaesthesia on intestinal oxygenation in acutely instrumented pigs.
Xenon is a narcotic gas that might be able to replace volatile anaesthetics or nitrous oxide due to its favourable pharmacological properties, such as providing haemodynamic stability. Intestinal oxygenation is affected by most volatile anaesthetics as a result of cardiodepressive effects. Reducing oxygenation of the gut might be a factor leading to perioperative organ dysfunction. This animal study was designed to assess

Immunologic effects of combined protease inhibitor and reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy in previously treated chronic HIV-1 infection.
To evaluate the efficacy of combination protease and reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy in correcting HIV-1-induced lymphocyte subset abnormalities in previously treated adults. A 48-week observational study of lymphocyte subsets in 12 participants in the Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study who were already taking at least one reverse transcriptase inhibitor and added a protease inhibitor to their treatment regimen. Comparison groups were HIV-serone

Sexually transmitted infections among prostitutes in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Sera from 18 prostitutes from Bratislava were examined for the presence of antibodies to several sexually transmitted pathogens, namely Herpes simplex virus 2 (HSV-2), Human immunodeficiency viruses 1 and 2 (HIV-1 and HIV-2), Hepatitis B and C viruses (HBV and HCV), Chlamydia trachomatis, and Treponema pallidum. Results of this

[Turner's syndrome and pregnancy in donor oocytes and in vitro fertilization. Three case reports].
It is extremely rare for pregnancy to occur spontaneously in a woman with a mosaic or non-mosaic karyotype 45 x 0. (Till now only 13 patients with a homogeneous x 0 karyotype have been reported out of 62 patients who between them have had 138 pregnancies). Furthermore these pregnancies have been plagued by a number of important complications or fetal malformations (21% have had chromosome anomalies

Chemokines and chemokine receptors, primarily found to play a role in leukocyte migration to the inflammatory sites or to second lymphoid organs, have recently been found expressed on the resident cells of the central nervous system (CNS). These proteins are important for the development of the CNS and are involved in normal brain functions such as synaptic transmission. Increasing lines of evidence have implicated an involvement for chemokines and their receptors in several neurodegenerative disorders, including Alzheimer's disease (AD), Parkinson's disease (PD), human immunodeficiency

Samples from nine normal prostates (N), ten benign hypertrophic prostates (BPH), and eight adenocarcinomas of the prostate (ACP), obtained from the National Prostatic Cancer Project were analyzed by two-dimensional (2D)-protein electrophoresis. Qualitative analysis of Coomassie-blue-stained acidic proteins between pI 3.5 and 6.8 yielded these results: The total number of enumerated proteins was 136 (N), 107 (BPH), and 147 (ACP).

Vascular complications following liver transplantation (LT) may result from technical deficiencies. Intraoperative diagnosis remains challenging but can prevent serious delayed complications. Intraoperative Doppler ultrasonography (IOUS) represents the gold standard for imaging, although it requires radiological skills. Contrast-enhanced ultrasonography has been reported during postoperative assessments, but never intraoperatively (CE-IOUS). The aim of this study was to assess the feasibility of routine CE-IOUS, to evaluate its impact on surgical strategy and its usefulness.

Segregation of the cytosolic Pgi2 locus was studied among progeny of the synthetic allotetraploid (L. japonicus × L. alpinus)(2), the synthetic autotetraploid (L. alpinus)(2), and the cultivated tetraploid species L. corniculatus L. Evidence of an original diploid duplication found within the interspecific hybrid L. japonicus × L. alpinus was also found within the synthetic allotetraploid

A 44-year-old otherwise healthy woman has completed 3 months of anticoagulation therapy for a first episode of unprovoked pulmonary embolism. At the time of diagnosis and before the initiation of anticoagulation, she was found to have an elevated IgG anticardiolipin antibody (ACLA), which was measured at 42 IgG phospholipid (GPL) units (reference range, <15 GPL units) with negative lupus anticoagulant (LAC) testing. Should this laboratory finding affect the recommended duration

[Initiation of treatment with olanzapine in a patient hospitalized at UMD].
Miss R is a 28-year-old patient presenting with paranoid schizophrenia. During a second acute psychotic episode involving attempted murder of her son, she was forcibly hospitalized in a Difficult Patients Unit. Following failure of treatment with a standard antipsychotic, therapy with olanzapine was rapidly initiated. Symptomatic improvement occurred quite rapidly, and the patient re-entered into contact with others and was once again able to relate

The increasing prevalence of both obesity and depression is becoming a significant health concern throughout the world. Evidence suggests a positive and bidirectional association between obesity and depression. It is now well established that central serotonergic system is involved in the elicitation of satiety signal and elevation of mood. Drugs that increase serotonin neurotransmission are commonly recommended for the treatment of depression. But many patients are not benefitted by these drugs, while remission rate is also not satisfactory. Serotonin based antiobesity drugs have

Involvement of Ser94 in RNase HIII from Chlamydophila pneumoniae in the recognition of a single ribonucleotide misincorporated into double-stranded DNA.
We recently provided the first report that RNase HIII can cleave a DNA-rN(1)-DNA/DNA substrate (rN(1), one ribonucleotide) in vitro. In the present study, mutagenesis analyses and molecular dynamics (MD) simulations were performed on RNase HIII from Chlamydophila pneumoniae AR

Reconstructed human epidermis (RhE) is widely used to replace animal models in order to assess the proinflammatory and allergenic effects of chemicals. Unfortunately, RhE lacks proinflammatory responsiveness for metal haptens, which are the most prevalent human contact allergens, raising concerns about its reliability for predicting skin allergens. To investigate whether this limitation of RhE might be attributable to a lack of functional expression of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), which governs proinflammatory sensitivity to nickel and cobalt

Urinalysis is a routine medical laboratory investigation, as examination of the urine plays a vital role in the diagnosis of kidney diseases. Sometimes the identification of urine sediment needs confirmation by expertise in clinical microscopy, and this is difficult in the far rural area in the developing countries. Here, the author evaluated a feasibility to use refrigerated urine sediment for repeated analysis. In this work, the author found that it is feasible to use refrigerated urine sediment for repeated analysis. The good correlation (> 0.9)

Female adnexal tumor of probable Wolffian origin (FATWO) is a rare tumor arising in locations with Wolffian remnants, such as the broad ligament. It is thought to be a benign lesion, although this is not always the case, with scattered case reports of more aggressive behavior, sometimes years later. A rare case of disseminated malignant FATWO is presented and the literature reviewed. FATWO has the potential for malignant behavior. Familiarity with this lesion will enhance recognition. Patients

[Pulmonary tuberculosis as detected by different methods].
As a result of the study of clinico-roentgenologic pictures of 379 patients with newly-diagnosed pulmonary tuberculosis, asymptomatic and undetectable development of the disease was found in 64.2% of the cases with non-destructive and in 35.0% with destructive processes. Besides, clinical symptoms of 36.1% of the patients were neglected. The above situation proves it necessary to conduct preventive fluorographic examinations of the chest

Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) regulates muscle differentiation through phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI 3-kinase). Also it was recently reported that PI 3-kinase is involved in the activation of phospholipase C-gamma1 (PLC-gamma1). We investigated whether PLC-gamma1 therefore plays a role in IGF-I-induced muscle differentiation using H9c2 rat cardiac myoblasts as a model. IGF-I was able to activate PLC-gamma1

Successful use of somatostatin in a case of neonatal chylothorax.
A 2-week-old infant status postrepair of gastroschisis had spontaneous bilateral chylothoraces necessitating thoracostomy drainage. Voluminous chylous drainage persisted despite cessation of enteral feedings. On administration of the somatostatin analogue octreotide, pleural drainage diminished markedly and ceased entirely within 4 days. These results, along with reported successes in treatment of ch

Few studies have assessed the prognostic importance of preoperative magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan findings in patients undergoing en bloc resection of sacral chordomas. To (1) report in-depth imaging characteristics of sacral chordomas, (2) describe the patterns of local and distant recurrence, and (3) determine imaging predictors of overall survival (OS) and local recurrence (LR). This retrospective case series was obtained from a prospectively maintained spine database from 1995 to 2016. All patients underwent en bloc resection of

To describe poisoning hospitalisations among reproductive-aged women from 1998 to 2006. 1998-2006 data from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample of the Healthcare Cost and Utilisation Project were used to identify hospitalisations for poisonings among US women aged 15-44 years. Differences in hospitalisation characteristics were compared by intent using χ(2) statistics. Trends in poisoning hospitalisation rates were calculated overall and by subgroup. There were approximately 636,000 poisoning hospitalisations in women aged 15-44 years during 1998

Ageing has been associated with changes in cardiac electrophysiology that result in QT interval prolongation. The effect of age on rate-adaptation dynamics of the QT interval is less well understood. The aim of this study was to assess age-related changes in the temporal relationship between QT and RR interval variability. Resting ECG of 20 young and 20 elderly healthy subjects were analyzed. Beat-to-beat RR and QT interval time series were automatically extracted. Coupling between QT and RR was assessed by means

Medical, epidemiologic, and social aspects of aging urinary incontinence questionnaire: Study protocol for the translation and validation of a Chinese language version.
Mixed urinary incontinence (MUI) is a coexistence of both urgency urinary incontinence and stress urinary incontinence. Medical, Epidemiologic, and Social aspects of Aging (MESA) questionnaire is a validated and commonly used tool to diagnose predominant components of it and assess the severity, which can offer help in clinic. However, M

The effect of subcutaneous injection of cyclosporine (20 mg/kg/day for 3 days) on the expression of kallikrein (Kal) and bradykinin 2 receptor (BK2) mRNA in the rat renal cortex was examined. CsA decreased significantly Kal and BK2 mRNA expression in the kidney cortex. These results indicate that the kallikrein-kinin system may participate in the genesis or the aggravation of the renal haemodynamic effect induced by long term

On the tumorigenicity of mitochondrial DNA-depleted avian cells.
We have examined the tumorigenic potential of mitochondrial DNA-depleted (mtDNA-) cells derived from the tumorigenic chicken cell line DU24. The mtDNA- cells were unable to proliferate in the wing web of day-old chicks. Cytoplasmic hybrids resulting from crosses between the mtDNA- whole cells and cytoplasts from enucleated parental cells (mtDNA+) recover both mtDNA and tumorigenicity. These results are in accordance

House mice (Mus musculus) and laboratory strains of rats (Rattus norvegicus) have been traditionally considered nonphotoperiodic because their reproductive systems are unaffected by day length (photoperiod). In rats, however, at least three experimental manipulations, perinatal testosterone injection, chronic peripubertal testosterone exposure, or peripubertal olfactory bulbectomy, have revealed latent reproductive photoperiodism. The effectiveness of these experimental treatments may be unique to albino rats.

Relapse to cocaine seeking in an invertebrate.
Addiction is characterised by cycles of compulsive drug taking, periods of abstinence and episodes of relapse. The extinction/reinstatement paradigm has been extensively used in rodents to model human relapse and explore underlying mechanisms and therapeutics. However, relapse to drug seeking behaviour has not been previously demonstrated in invertebrates. Here, we used a cocaine conditioned place preference (CPP) paradigm in the flatworm, planarian, followed by extinction and reinst

Resistance to activated protein C (RAPC) has been described recently as a cause of trombophilia; this may justify up to 50% of thromboembolic disease without predisposing cause in patients under 45 years. A 29 years-old male with a previous deep venous thrombosis (DVT) in the lower left limb three years earlier, developed a DVT in the right lower limb after a trauma of the knee that required immobilization, was associated to pulmonary thromboembolism

We analyzed the possible prognostic value of the recently discovered fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 (FGFR3) mutations in bladder cancer. A FGFR3 mutation was found in 34 of 53 pTaG1-2 bladder cancers, whereas none of the 19 higher-staged tumors had a mutation (P < 0.0001). In 57 patients with superficial disease followed prospectively by cystoscopy for 12 months, 14 of 23 patients in the wild-type FGFR3 group developed recurrent bladder cancer compared with only

Of 60 consecutive survivors of birth weight 500-999 g, who were born in one tertiary perinatal centre from 1977 to 1980, 59 infants were assessed by a multidisciplinary team at two years of age (corrected for prematurity) and 58 children were evaluated when aged at least five years. At the latter examination, 9% of the 58 children who were assessed were severely disabled; 17% had a mild or moderate disability; and 74% had no important disability. For the 53 children who were tested

[The influence of intermediate physical training on some non-enzyme antioxidants of oxidative stress, in moderate hypertension].
A group of patients with moderate hypertension (149-150/90-99 mm Hg) performed physical exercise for 3 months; we determined the oxidative stress in blood samples, by calculating the level of some biochemical markers, non-enzyme antioxidants, glutathione (GSH), total -SH groups (G-STH), nonprotein -SH groups (G-SHNP), their G-S

Audit of community pharmacists' prescribing interventions: Quality assessment of a newly reimbursed service.
To evaluate community pharmacists' reimbursed prescribing interventions (called pharmaceutical opinions/POs in Canada) by determining the types of drug-related problems (DRPs) identified; the type, quality, and clinical impact of recommendations made; and variation in recommendation quality across regions, pharmacy ownership type, and pharmacy size. Retrospective audit of randomly sampled service documentation records. Community pharmacies in Ontario, Canada

We report on our first 4 years of experience with a pilot urology residency curriculum. This novel program was approved by the Urology Residency Review Committee and involves a flexible educational program for residents, incorporating elective time (4 months each in postgraduate years 2 and 4 of training) into the residency rotation schedule. We performed a prospective assessment of the urology residency program overall, the electives chosen by the residents, and the impact on resident operative logs and in-service scores compared to residents completing residency

A small molecule screen in yeast identifies inhibitors targeting protein-protein interactions within the vaccinia virus replication complex.
Genetic and biochemical data have identified at least four viral proteins essential for vaccinia virus (VACV) DNA synthesis: the DNA polymerase E9, its processivity factor (the heterodimer A20/D4) and the primase/helicase D5. These proteins are part of the VACV replication complex in which A20 is a central subunit interacting with

Log odds of positive lymph nodes (LODDS): what are their role in the prognostic assessment of gastric adenocarcinoma?
Nodal status is an important prognostic factor for patients with gastric cancer. Log odds of positive nodes (LODDS) (log of the ratio between the number of positive nodes and the number of negative nodes) are a new effective indicator of prognosis. The aim of the study is to evaluate if LODDS are superior to N stage and lymph nodal ratio (LNR). Pro

[Culture and characterization of human peritoneal mesothelial cells].
To establish a reproducible model for culture of human peritoneal mesothelial cells (HPMCs), and observe the expressions of extracellular matrix (ECM) protein and interleukin-8 (IL-8) in HPMC. Mesothelial cells were isolated from human omenta by trypsin EDTA disaggregation. HPMCs were identified by morphology and streptomyces protein-peroxidase (SP) method. In the same way, expressions of fibronectin

The purpose of this study was to find out if a limited resection of the cranial vertebral body leaving the posterior wall intact is a sufficient model for AO type 3 fractures, or if additional resection of the posterior wall is necessary. In six, fresh-frozen, lumbar sheep spine specimens, the segmental stability was tested in three motion planes in a spine tester. First, the intact specimens were tested. Then, partial resection of the intervertebral disc L3/4 and resection of the cranial vertebral

Effects of superior mesenteric artery stenosis on splanchnic and systemic hemodynamics in conscious rats with biliary cirrhosis.
Since portal tributary blood flow is increased in portal hypertension due to cirrhosis, a reduction in mesenteric arterial blood flow should decrease portal pressure. Calibrated stenosis of the superior mesenteric artery was performed in bile duct ligated rats, using a 22-gauge needle. Arterial stenosis was performed 4 weeks after bile duct ligation. Hemodynamic studies were performed in the

To compare measures of disability, psychological factors, pain and physical performance in healthy controls, and patients with sub-acute and chronic low back pain. To evaluate the concept of the deconditioning syndrome and to explore factors that may contribute to chronicity. Case-control study. Three age- and gender-matched groups were included in the study; healthy controls (n = 45), patients sick-listed 8-12 weeks (n = 46) and patients with chronic low back pain on a waiting list for

MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a class of endogenous non-coding RNA about 22 nucleotide long, regulate gene expression at the post-transcription level by inhibiting the translation or inducing the degradation of their target mRNAs in organisms. There are two types of adipose tissues: brown and white. White adipose tissues store energy in the form of triglycerides (TGs), while brown adipose tissues catabolize TGs to generate energy. Brown adipose tissues are of great importance to the research of obesity and related metabolic diseases due

Collaboration, integration and change in children's services: critical issues and key ingredients.
Government and state policy, irrespective of jurisdiction, increasingly require and indeed specify the nature of collaboration with regard to the delivery of child welfare services for maltreated children. The rationale for collaboration appears obvious in as much as it is aimed at promoting multidisciplinary practice in order to meet the needs of the vulnerable child. However, collaboration, whilst a useful and motivating concept, is in reality far from straightforward and contains complexities

Physician characteristics and prescription drug use during pregnancy: a population-based study.
We aimed to explore the relationship between physician characteristics and their prescribing behavior regarding category D and X drugs for pregnant women by using a population-based data set in Taiwan. The sampled population for the study included 14,430 women. These women received a total of 198,420 prescriptions during pregnancy. We performed multivariate logistic regression analysis by using generalized estimated equations to assess the odds ratio (OR) of the prescription for categories D

Cloning and characterization of the human thyroid hormone receptor beta 1 gene promoter.
The promoter region of the human (h) thyroid hormone receptor (TR) beta 1 gene was isolated from a human placenta genomic library. Primer extension and S1 nuclease mapping confirmed a single transcriptional start site. DNA sequence analysis of the 5' upstream region revealed the existence of a putative thyroid response element (TRE) which is highly homologous to TREs found in several thyroid hormone responsive genes. Binding of hTR

Lipopolysaccharide (LPS) is a key inflammatory component of Gram-negative bacteria, which after entering the systemic circulation contributes to the development of septic hepatic failure. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of alpha lipoic acid (LA) on oxidative stress parameters and inflammation in endotoxemic rat liver. Male Wistar rats were divided into 4 groups, each group consisting of 8 animals. Group I received saline and served as a control, Group II received a single dose of LA

The correlation between pancreatic steatosis and metabolic syndrome in a Chinese population.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity and hepatic steatosis showed a strong correlation with metabolic syndrome. However, data on the influence of pancreatic steatosis on metabolic syndrome are lacking. Our aim is to perform the prevalence of pancreatic steatosis in adults and its association with metabolic syndrome in a Chinese population. This was a cross-sectional study, randomly selected. A total of 1190 health examination subjects were recruited. Pancreatic steatosis

Prospective evaluation of ultrasound and biochemical-based multivariable models for the prediction of late pre-eclampsia.
Prospective assignment at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks of risk for late pre-eclampsia (PE) using eight logistic regression-based statistical models. Five hundred and fifty-four pregnancies. Uterine artery pulsatility index, parity, body mass index, mean arterial pressure, pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A, free β-human chorionic gonadotrophin

As primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) is a heterogeneous disease, we hypothesized that there is a population of patients with early PBC who do not require prompt treatment with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA). In this study, we analyzed data from a large-scale PBC cohort in Japan, and retrospectively investigated whether outcomes of early PBC patients were affected with prompt or deferred/no UDCA treatment. We defined early PBC as asymptomatic, serum alkaline phosphatase <1

To verify the existence and determine some sources of 15- and 16-year-old youths' (midteens') antisocial feelings, 174 midteens (89 males and 85 females) from two small Tennessee towns were administered L. Srole's Anomia Scale and two author-devised tests, the Inventory of Midteen Rearing Theories and the Rebellion Scale. As their parents' levels of education rose, midteens' feelings of anomie and rebellion decreased

Complex modulation and detection with directly modulated lasers.
Due to the chirp effect, the modulation information is carried by both intensity and phase of the optical signal generated by a directly modulated laser (DML). Compared to the signal recovery based on intensity alone, the receiver sensitivity is significantly improved when phase is also involved for signal recovery. In this paper, we provide thorough analysis of two schemes to recover the directed modulated signal based on the combined information of intensity and phase. The intensity and phase combined recovery for

The topographical distribution of sciatic and femoral nerve sensory neuronal somata in the L4 dorsal root ganglion of the adult rat was mapped after retrograde tracing with one or two of the dyes Fast Blue, Fluoro-Gold, or Diamidino Yellow. The tracers were applied to the proximal transected end of either nerve alone, or from both nerves in the same animal using separate tracers. Three-dimensional reconstructions of the distribution of labelled neurones were made from serial sections of

Depression, anxiety and stress in a cohort of Australian dentistry students.
Dentistry students face a challenging academic and clinical curriculum that can result in depression and anxiety. While studies usually report sources of stress for dentistry students, there is less information on levels of stress. This study used the Depression, Anxiety and Stress Scale (DASS-21), to report perceived levels of depression, anxiety and stress in a cohort of Australian undergraduate dentistry students. Students enrolled in years 1-4

Nitric oxide has been reported to modulate platelet and neutrophil interactions with the arterial wall. In this study, we investigated the effects of the nitric oxide donor 3-morpholino-sydnonimine (SIN-1) on platelet and neutrophil adhesion, and the vasomotor response, in a porcine model of angioplasty. Carotid arterial injury was produced by balloon dilation in control (n = 10) and treated (SIN-1; 10 micrograms/kg +

A novel algorithm for the detection and tracking of rhythmic patterns in the EEG signal is presented. The algorithm includes the following steps: 1) linear filtering using symmetric impulse response, 2) calculation of the first intrinsic mode of the filter output and 3) calculation of instantaneous frequency and amplitude using the Hilbert transform. The linear filter is adapted according to the instantaneous frequency. The algorithm is shown to perform well in tracking the alpha rhythm (the alpha coma pattern) in critically ill patients sedated with midazolam

Traumatic dental injuries are widespread and have become a serious dental public health problem in childhood. Despite its importance, very few studies have correlated the prevalence of permanent tooth injury and socioeconomic indicators. The aim of the present study was to evaluate just such a correlation. Electronic searches were performed in the following bibliographical databases: Brazilian Bibliography of Dentistry, Scientific Electronic Library Online, Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences, The Cochrane Library, ISI Web of Knowledge, International Database for Medical Literature and PubMed Central.

Distinct Predictors and Comorbidities in Early Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Among Asian Indians.
The incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is increasing worldwide, and the age of disease onset is falling. Although there is rising prevalence of early onset T2DM in India, little is known about their clinical characteristics and cardiovascular risks profiles. The aim of this study was to address this knowledge gap by comparing the characteristics of early onset T2DM and usual onset T2

A case series of chronic haemodialysis patients: mortality, sudden death, and QT interval.
A high prevalence of prolonged QT interval duration has been observed among haemodialysis (HD) patients. The aim of this cases series was to describe the association of various risk factors with total mortality and sudden cardiac death (SCD) in this population. One hundred and twenty-two patients undergoing HD, [median: age 71.3 years [interquartile ratio (IQR) 62.9-76

The putative hybrid zone between Eucalyptus populnea and E. brownii is examined using morphological and molecular techniques. This species complex displays continuous morphological variation across the study area, which has been previously interpreted as the product of hybridization between allopatric species. A microsatellite analysis indicates that there was little genetic structuring across the morphological cline and only low levels of population differentiation. The nested clade analysis of the JLA+ region of the chloroplast DNA (cpDNA) indicates that

The structure and enforcement of health insurance rating reforms.
Requiring health insurers to cover everyone who applies regardless of health status--an approach called "guaranteed issue"--is severely hampered without accompanying rating restrictions that keep insurance affordable for higher-risk people. The degree of rating flexibility also determines how much insurers can continue to compete based on their skills at risk selection, and how well they can counter adverse selection. Therefore, the structure and enforcement of rating reforms are essential to how insurance market reforms function

We emend the original generic diagnosis for Hyperandrotrema Maillard and Ktari, 1978 , and redescribe its type species Hyperandrotrema cetorhini Maillard and Ktari, 1978 (Digenea: Aporocotylidae Odhner, 1912), based on the holotype and 2 paratypes collected from the heart of basking shark (Cetorhinus maximus). We also describe Hyperandrotrema walterboegeri

[Potential nest predators of Syrmaticus reevesii based on camera traps and artificial nests.]
In order to understand the background of the field breeding ecology of Reeves's pheasant (Syrmaticus reevesii) inside and outside of protected area, an investigation on nest predation rate, potential nest predators and the habitat factors affecting nest predation was conducted at Dongzhai National Nature Reserve, Henan Province and Pingjingguan Village, Hubei Province

Geographic vicinity, common economy and connections between Kama and Vyatka river basins require systemic opisthorchiasis studies in these Ural areas. Literary data show that the situation with opisthorchiasis on the Kama River is mainly studied in Komi-Permiak Autonomous Okrug and is unclear in the upper Kama, in Kirovsk Province. Additional data have been obtained and opisthorchiasis was for the first time found in the

The non-receptor tyrosine kinase c-Src mediates the PDGF-induced association between Furin and pro-MT1-MMP in HPAC pancreatic cells.
Furin is a member of the proprotein convertase family, which is capable of cleaving the precursors of a wide variety of substrates including membrane-type 1 matrix metalloproteinase (MT1-MMP) proenzyme. c-Src is activated by growth factors, and has been linked with a poor prognosis in pancreatic cancer

Divorced mothers' coparental boundary maintenance after parents repartner.
When divorced parents remarry or cohabit with new partners, it is challenging to maintain functional postdivorce coparenting systems. In this grounded theory study of 19 divorced mothers, we examined the processes by which they maintained boundaries around coparental relationships after 1 or both coparents had repartnered. Mothers saw themselves as captains of the coparenting team, making decisions about who should play what

Epidemiological studies demonstrate an association between insulin resistance, hypertension and cardiovascular morbidity. In addition to its metabolic effects, insulin also has important cardiovascular actions. The sympathetic nervous system and the nitric oxide-l-arginine pathway have emerged as central players in the mediation of these actions. Over the past decade, the underlying mechanisms and the factors that may govern the interaction between insulin and these two major cardiovascular regulatory systems have been studied extensively in healthy people and insulin-resistant individuals. Here we summarize the current

The awareness of osteoporosis as a common problem with a large degree of associated morbidity has increased recently. In this article, three beliefs concerning osteoporosis are examined. These beliefs concern the usefulness of radiologic screening for osteoporosis, the prevalence of osteoporotic fractures, and the benefit of calcium supplementation. It is concluded that as a widely used screening test, radiologic examination does not greatly aid in the estimation of risk of future bone fracture; that fewer than one fourth of women will ever have a meaningful complication from excessive bone

Fatal outcome after reactivation of inherited chromosomally integrated HHV-6A (iciHHV-6A) transmitted through liver transplantation.
HHV-6A and HHV-6B are found as inherited and chromosomally integrated forms (iciHHV-6A and -6B) into all germinal and somatic cells and vertically transmitted in a Mendelian manner in about 1% of the population. They were occasionally shown to be horizontally transmitted through hematopoietic stem cell

The poliovirus 3AB gene has been cloned and overproduced in T7 expression vectors using different approaches to allow reduction of basal levels of expression. Expression of the poliovirus 3AB gene is highly toxic for E. coli cells, due to drastic changes induced in membrane permeability of the bacteria that lead to cell lysis when the T7 lysozyme is present. The best production of 3AB was achieved with the T7/lac system in cells lacking T7 lysozyme, where this

Tumors of the submaxillary gland.
This study reviews a thirty year experience with 217 patients who had a tumor of the submaxillary gland, comprising about 9 per cent of all patients with salivary neoplasms seen during the same period. Most of the tumors were malignant (56 per cent), with adenoid cystic carcinoma predominating, but the histologic type most frequently encountered was benign mixed tumor (43 per cent). Median age was fifty-four years in patients with malignant tumors compared with forty-

Objective Patients commonly show signs and symptoms of deterioration for hours or days before cardiorespiratory arrest. Rapid response teams (RRT) were created to improve recognition and response to patient deterioration in these situations. Activation criteria include vital signs or 'general concern' by a clinician or family member. The general concern criterion for RRT activation accounts for nearly one-third of all RRT activity, and although it is well established that communication deficits between staff can contribute to poorer outcomes for patients, there is little

Pueraria mirifica alleviates cortical bone loss in naturally menopausal monkeys.
Since the in vitro and in vivo anti-osteoporotic effects of Pueraria mirifica (PM) in rodents have been verified, its activity in menopausal monkeys was evaluated as required before it can be applicable for human use. In this study, postmenopausal osteoporotic monkeys were divided into two groups (five per group), and fed daily with standard diet alone (PMP0 group) or

Multicentric reticulohistiocytosis (MR) is a rare multisystemic disorder of unknown aetiology characterized by cutaneous and joint manifestations. It is associated with malignancy in up to 31% of cases. Common radiological findings are peri-articular erosions and osteolytic punched-out areas. We present a case of MR with cutaneous nodules, joint pains, and multiple lytic skull lesions--a combination that has not been described before. Osteolytic activity of proinflammatory cytokines (tumour

Multiple chronic conditions and the aging of america: challenge for primary care physicians.
As the United States population ages, chronic conditions are becoming more prevalent and our healthcare system is faced with increasing costs. This aging population with increased multiple chronic conditions coupled with increased burden of disease will provide a challenge to primary care physicians to provide quality care that is cost-effective. Therefore, we examined national data to study the impact of chronic conditions, age and caregiving on lifestyle burden. Cross-sectional data from

Current research on lipid metabolism in ruminants aims to improve the growth and health of the animals and the muscle characteristics associated with meat quality. This review, therefore, focuses on fatty acid (FA) metabolism from absorption to partitioning between tissues and metabolic pathways. In young calves, which were given high-fat milk diets, lipid absorption is delayed because the coagulation of milk caseins results in the retention of dietary fat as an insoluble clot in the abomasum. After weaning, the calves were fed

Use of penicillin-gradient and replicate plates for the demonstration of tolerance to penicillin in streptococci.
A new method was developed for the demonstration of tolerance to penicillin in streptococci of groups B and D. The sequential use of penicillin-gradient and replicate plates was simple, reliable, and less time-consuming than conventional methods for the measurement of ratios of minimal bactericidal to minimal inhibitory concentrations and rates of bacterial killing. This method promises to be of value in the further characterization and understanding of penicillin

Vitamin D status and V[combining dot above]O2peak during a skate treadmill graded exercise test in competitive ice hockey players.
Vitamin D status has been associated with cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) in cross-sectional investigations in the general population. Data characterizing the association between 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentration and CRF in athletes are lacking. Junior and collegiate ice hockey players were recruited from the Minneapolis, MN (

Update of PCDD/PCDF-intake from food in Germany.
Between 1993 and 1996, 1414 food samples were collected in the south-western part of Germany and analysed for PCDD/PCDF contamination. The mean daily intake was calculated as 0.88 pg I-TEQ/kg b.w/day. The results show that the actual PCDD/PCDF intake is about half of the intake calculated for Germany between 1986 and 1991.

The aim of this study was to find out whether differences exist in the physical development, nutritional status and psychosomatic status of children living in deprived regions of Hungary compared with the Hungarian national reference values. The Hungarian government's decree No. 24/2003 created a complex indicator of social and economic conditions by which the country's regions were graded into deprived and non-deprived regions. This study examined 3128 children (aged 3-18 years) living in the deprived regions and their biological status was compared

CD4+ CD25+ Foxp3+ regulatory T (Treg) cells can undergo both thymic selection and peripheral expansion in response to self peptides that are agonists for their T cell receptors (TCR). However, the specificity by which these TCR must recognize peptide:MHC complexes to activate Treg cell function is not known. We show that CD4+ CD25+ Foxp3+ Treg cells can mediate suppression in response to peptides that are only weakly cross-reactive with the self peptide

[Experience with the Solcotrans orthopedic autotransfusion device in hip replacement surgery].
A study on 20 patients undergoing hip prosthetic surgery is reported. Solcotrans Orthopaedic, a sterile, disposable device for the post-operative salvage and reinfusion of drained whole blood was used on all patients. 70% of patients did not require additional homologous blood and there was a saving of 76% in homologous blood usage. The device is safe and simple to use and no clinically significant adverse

The goal of this study was to identify opportunities among gastroenterologists and gastroenterology nurse practitioners (NPs)/physician assistants (PAs) for continuing medical education (CME) related to functional constipation. An online, case-vignette survey was designed to identify and quantify practice patterns of pediatric gastroenterology clinicians. Case vignettes are a validated method for assessing clinician practice patterns. The survey consisted of three patient cases: a 3-year-old female with a 6-

Immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) is an autoimmune disease with a mild to severe risk of bleeding complications. First line treatment includes corticosteroids, immunoglobulins, or other. In this large cohort study, first-line strategies for treatment-naive adult primary ITP was studied in a real-world setting. Records from all adult ITP patients who received first-line treatment between January 2010 and December 2017 at Qilu Hospital were reviewed retrospectively (n = 699). During the study

Time-resolved luminescent biosensing based on inorganic lanthanide-doped nanoprobes.
Time-resolved (TR) photoluminescence (PL) biosensing has been widely adopted in many research and medical institutions. However, commercial molecular TRPL bioprobes like lanthanide (Ln(3+))-chelates suffer from poor photochemical stability and long-term toxicity. Inorganic Ln(3+)-doped nanocrystals (NCs), owing to their

Elevated plasma triglyceride levels are associated with human protoporphyria.
Six patients with protoporphyria had mildly elevated triglyceride levels (200 to 300 mg/dl) on serum chemistry screening panels. Measurement of fasting plasma lipid profiles indicated that triglyceride levels were mildly elevated in 22 patients with protoporphyria compared with the values of a age- and sex-matched population of the Lipid Research Clinics prevalence study (p = 0.021). The effect of ingestion of

Representation of harmonic frequencies in auditory memory: a mismatch negativity study.
Most natural sounds are composed of a mixture of frequencies, which activate separate neurons in the tonotopic auditory cortex. Nevertheless, we perceive this mixture as an integrated sound with unique acoustic properties. We used the Mismatch Negativity (MMN), a marker of auditory change detection, to determine whether individual harmonics are represented in sensory memory. The MMN elicited by duration and pitch deviations were compared for harmonic and pure

In this study, we describe a new strategy for labeling and tracking lysosomes with a cell-permeable fluorescent activity-based probe (CpFABP) that is covalently bound to select lysosomal proteins. Colocalization studies that utilized LysoTracker probes as standard lysosomal markers demonstrated that our novel probe is effective in specifically labeling lysosomes in various kinds of live cells. Furthermore, our studies revealed that this probe has the ability to label fixed cells, permeabilized cells

Clinical and demographic predictors of late-stage cervical cancer.
Despite increasingly widespread use of the Papanicolaou smear, almost half of all women with invasive cervical cancer are diagnosed at a late stage (regional or distant). Little is known about factors associated with late-stage diagnosis of cervical cancer. To examine the relationship of age, race, education level, income level, smoking, marital status, health insurance type, comorbidity, and residence in an urban or rural setting to late stage at

The growth of 209 children with moderate and severe bronchial asthma seen at two different Health Care Centers for Bronchial Asthma Patients: (ICr and USP) was studied. The two groups differ mainly in socioeconomic level. Age at the onset of the disease, as well as duration and severity of the illness were considered. The first manifestations of the disease occurred before two years of age in 68.4% of the children. There was a predominance of males over females, with an almost 2

Using a fast kinetic centrifugal analyzer, the inhibitory effects of glycosylated and unglycosylated full-length and truncated forms of TFPI on protease generation were studied in fibrinogen-deficient human plasma after extrinsic (EA) or intrinsic (IA) activation of coagulation. When the assay system was supplemented with increasing amounts of the TFPI variants the generation of both thrombin and factor Xa was inhibited in a concentration-dependent manner. Clear differences in the effectiveness of the TFPI variants

Twenty dogs with acute gastric dilatation-volvulus (GDV) and 37 clinically normal dogs had arterial blood drawn for analysis of pH and blood gases. There was no statistically significant difference between values from the 2 groups. By calculation of the anion gap and by assessing arterial bicarbonate concentration, it appeared there were concomitant and offsetting factors, resulting in normal values for pH, blood gases, and anion gap in dogs with GDV. The results obtained indicated that sodium bicarbonate therapy should

To define further the molecules that control sympathoadrenal differentiation, we have investigated the effects of FGF, NGF, and glucocorticoid on cultured neonatal rat adrenal chromaffin cells. Basic FGF (bFGF), like NGF, induces cell division and neurite outgrowth from these cells. Dexamethasone inhibits neuronal differentiation but not proliferation induced by bFGF. Unlike NGF, bFGF will not support the survival of chromaffin cell-derived sympathetic neurons. However, bFGF induces

Scanty information is available on the effects of combination drug treatment based on an ACE inhibitor and a calcium channel blocker on the neurometabolic alterations characterizing obesity-related hypertension (OHT). After 2-week run-in with enalapril (20 mg), 36 OHTs were randomized according to a double-blind crossover design to a combination therapy with either lercanidipine 10 mg (L) or felodipine extended release 5 mg (F), each lasting 8

The fourth, terminal, stage of bladder tuberculosis (BT) manifests itself in irreversible changes and requires surgical treatment. To identify the reasons for delayed diagnosis of this urogenital tuberculosis complication. Medical history of 26 urogenital tuberculosis patients with a complicated form of stage 4 BT, referred to the Novosibirsk TB Research Institute for reconstructive surgery were analysed. In 22 patients, bladder volume ranged from 55 to 100 ml, 4 patients previously underwent cystostomy due to extremely small bladder volume. Average

Comparison of biofilm formation and water quality when water from different sources was stored in large commercial water storage tanks.
Rain-, ground- and municipal potable water were stored in low density polyethylene storage tanks for a period of 90 days to determine the effects of long-term storage on the deterioration in the microbial quality of the water. Total viable bacteria present in the stored water and the resultant biofilms were enumerated using heterotrophic plate counts. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and Colilert-18(

Controversy exists concerning the most effective method of myocardial protection during coronary artery bypass graft operations. Accordingly, we performed a matched-pair analysis between 25 patients receiving multidose hypothermic potassium crystalloid cardioplegia and 25 other patients receiving cold blood potassium cardioplegia. Patients were matched on the basis of preoperative ejection fraction (EF) and the number of anatomically similar stenotic coronary arteries. The adequacy of myocardial protection was assessed by serial perioperative determinations of radionuclide ventriculography

The motion of a particle in the field of a time-dependent potential is studied here both at absolute zero and in the presence of thermal agitation. The potential executes either random fluctuations or deterministic harmonic oscillations. Assuming absorbing boundaries it is always possible to find an exit time tau(ex)(kappa) which has a local minimum as a function of the potential flip rate kappa. Thus resonant activation, usually associated with diffussive systems, exists in purely deterministic systems as well. Thermal agitation merely extends the

Trait anxiety and probabilistic learning: Behavioral and electrophysiological findings.
Anxiety is a negative emotion that affects various aspects of people's daily life. To explain why individuals with high anxiety tend to make suboptimal decisions, we suggest that their learning ability might play an important role. Regarding that anxiety modulates both outcome expectation and attention allocation, it is reasonable to hypothesize that the function of feedback learning should be sensitive to individual level of anxiety. However, previous studies that directly examined this hypothesis were scarce.

Urinary cytology in the detection of bladder tumours. Influence of concomitant urothelial atypia.
The role of urinary cytology in detection and follow-up of urinary bladder tumours is still evolving. However, considerable variations in the accuracy of detecting bladder tumours exist in published work on the subject. In this study the influence of concomitant urothelial atypia on urinary cytology was investigated. Further, the correlation of grading between cytology and tumour histology was examined, and finally the

Aldose reductase prevents aldehyde toxicity in cultured human lens epithelial cells.
Aldehydes are widespread environmental and industrial compounds, which cause cytotoxicity, tissue damage, mutagenicity, and carcinogenicity leading to various disease conditions such as cardiovascular, bronchial, and visual complications. We have shown earlier that aldose reductase (AR) besides reducing glucose to sorbitol, efficiently reduces various toxic lipid-derived aldehydes, generated under oxidative stress, with K(m) in the physiological range. We

Differential expression of protein kinase C isoenzymes related to high nitric oxide synthase activity in a T lymphoma cell line.
Protein kinase C (PKC) is critical for T lymphocyte activation and proliferation, while nitric oxide synthase (NOS) may function both as an activator or inhibitor of T cell apoptosis. Both enzymatic activities were studied in T lymphoma cells in comparison to normal and activated T lymphocytes. Here we show a higher translocation of PKC in BW5147 lymphoma cells than in mitogen-stimulated T

[The isolated subscapularis tendon tear: arthroscopic and open repair].
Arthroscopic or open reconstruction of isolated subscapularis tendon tears with the use of suture anchors to restore the glenohumeral function and joint biomechanics. Traumatic full-thickness tears, chronic tears with a functional deficit or decentration of the humerus head, anterosuperior rotator cuff insufficiency, symptomatic reruptures after prior arthroscopic or open surgical procedures

Elongation factor G (EF-G) catalyzes the translocation step of protein biosynthesis. Genomic analysis suggests that two isoforms of this protein occur in mitochondria. The region of the cDNA coding for the mature sequence of isoform 1 of human mitochondrial EF-G (EF-G1(mt)) has been cloned and expressed in Escherichia coli. The recombinant protein has been purified to near homogeneity by chromatography on Ni-NTA resins and cation exchange high performance liquid chromatography. EF-G1(mt

In order to study relationship between the period of occlusal trauma and pulpal and periodontal tissues, 44 rats were used in experimental occlusal trauma. The pulpal and periodontal tissues of rat molars were observed by histological examination and micrographic examination. The results showed that the damage of pulp became more serious as time went on, but periodontium appeared adaptive changes. The same changing area in periodontal tissues were observed between histological section and micrographic film. The results provide experimental evidences

The problem of characterizing low-temperature spin dynamics in antiferromagnetic spin chains has so far remained elusive. Here we reinvestigate it by focusing on isotropic antiferromagnetic chains whose low-energy effective field theory is governed by the quantum nonlinear sigma model. Employing an exact nonperturbative theoretical approach, we analyze the low-temperature behavior in the vicinity of nonmagnetized states and obtain exact expressions for the spin diffusion constant and the NMR relaxation rate, which we compare with previous theoretical results in the literature

Ammonia enters the brain by diffusion from the blood or cerebrospinal fluid, or is formed in situ from the metabolism of endogenous nitrogen-containing substances. Despite its central importance in nitrogen homeostasis, excess ammonia is toxic to the central nervous system and its concentration in the brain must be kept low. This is accomplished by the high activity of glutamine synthetase, which is localized in astrocytes and which permits efficient detoxification of incoming or endogenously generated ammonia. The location also permits the operation of

Depressive symptoms, suicidal ideation, and mental health care-seeking in central Mozambique.
There is scant research on depressive symptoms (DS), suicidal ideation (SI), and mental health care-seeking in Mozambique. Generalized estimating equations were used to assess factors associated with DS, SI, and mental health care-seeking among 3080 individuals interviewed in a representative household survey in Sofala and Manica provinces, Mozambique. 19% (CI 17-21%) of

Dexmedetomidine: a promising agent for anesthesia and perioperative care.
Dexmedetomidine is a relatively new, highly selective, short-acting central alpha 2 agonist. Although not yet officially introduced for clinical use in Israel, it has become increasingly popular among anesthesiologists and intensive care physicians abroad when used as an adjuvant to the classical regimen of anesthesia techniques. Its administration potentiates the effect of other sedative and hypnotic agents while causing minimal respiratory depression. It

Pathogenic Features of Dysuria in Young Women with Secondary Amenorrhea Caused by Body Weight Loss.
We examined 11 women aged 19-26 years (mean age 22.5±3.5 years) with secondary amenorrhea complaining frequent urination over 1.5 years and repeatedly, but unsuccessful treated for overactive bladder and chronic cystitis. The rare cause of sustained urination disorders in young female patients of reproductive age was established: development of secondary amenorrhea caused

Study of measurement of the alcohol biomarker phosphatidylethanol (PEth) in dried blood spot (DBS) samples and application of a volumetric DBS device.
Phosphatidylethanol (PEth) is a group of phospholipids formed in cell membranes following alcohol consumption. PEth measurement in whole blood samples is established as a specific alcohol biomarker with clinical and medico-legal applications. This study further evaluated the usefulness of dried blood spot (DBS) samples collected

To evaluate the effects of an alveolar recruitment maneuver (ARM) followed by 5 cmH2O positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) in dogs undergoing laparoscopy. Prospective, randomized clinical study. A group of 20 dogs undergoing laparoscopic ovariectomy. Dogs were sedated with acepromazine and methadone intramuscularly; anesthesia was induced with propofol intravenously and maintained with inhaled isoflurane. The following baseline ventilatory setting (BVS) was administered: tidal

The MEK/MAPK signaling module is a key integration point along signal transduction cascades that regulate cell growth, survival, and differentiation, and is aberrantly activated in many human tumors. In tumor cells, constitutive MAPK activation affords increased proliferation and resistance to apoptotic stimuli, including classical cytotoxic drugs. In most instances, however, MAPK inhibition has cytostatic rather than cytotoxic effects, which may explain the lack of objective responses observed in early clinical trials of MEK inhibitors. Nevertheless, amenability of the

Patients' access to medicines can be profoundly affected by the decisions made by medicine licensing bodies and public reimbursement agencies. The present study compares access to licensed and subsidized medicines under a single-payer system in each of the US, the UK, Australia and New Zealand (NZ). These systems are the US Department of Veterans Affairs National Formulary (VANF), the UK NHS for England and Wales, Australian Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) and NZ's Pharmaceutical Management Agency (PH

Perinephric abscess (presenting as abdominal pain) due to Listeria monocytogenes.
A 5-year-old malnourished child was admitted with a 1-week history of paroxysmal abdominal pain. Evaluation finally revealed a left-sided perinephric abscess caused by Listeria monocytogenes. The child was successfully treated by drainage of the abscess and antibiotic therapy. Renal abscess should be kept in mind in the differential diagnosis of abdominal pain,

Relative potencies for acute effects of pyrethroids on motor function in rats.
The prevalence of pyrethroids in insecticide formulations has increased in the last decade. A common mode-of-action has been proposed for pyrethroids based on in vitro studies, which includes alterations in sodium channel dynamics in nervous system tissues, consequent disturbance of membrane polarization, and abnormal discharge in targeted neurons. The objective of this work was to characterize individual dose-response curves for in vivo motor function

Computer interviewing of patients with epilepsy.
Epilepsy histories obtained by the computer interview were similar in substance and detail to histories recorded by house staff and attending physicians. In general, more information was obtained by the computer, and negative findings were consistently recorded by the computer. For potentially embarrassing questions, the computer may obtain more accurate information (Slack and Van Cura, 1968b). This might explain the contradictions concerning incontinence and medication. This preliminary study suggests that computer interviewing can provide a reliable

The effects of the genioglossal muscle advancement on phonetic quality of speech were studied analyzing the acoustic features of vowel sounds. The study group consisted of 5 men suffering from partial upper airway obstruction during sleep. To prevent tongue base collapse, genioglossal muscle advancement was made with chin osteotomy without hyoid myotomy and suspension. The speech material consisted of 8 vowels produced in sentence context repeated 10 times before the operation, and 10 days and 6 weeks after the operation.

Examination of the signal transduction pathways leading to activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase by formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine in rat neutrophils.
The signaling pathways leading to extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) activation in formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine (fMLP)-stimulated rat neutrophils were examined. fMLP-stimulated ERK activation based on immunoblot analysis with antibodies against the phosphorylation form of ERK was attenuated by the pretreatment of cells

The purpose of this study was to examine whether, and to what extent, a total hip replacement can influence the position and the movement of the jaw, the upper body posture and body sway. Twenty test subjects (6 females, 14 males) participated in this study pre- and post-total hip replacement, in addition to a healthy control group of 20 subjects (5 females, 15 males). The measurements were conducted by means of an ultrasound system to measure jaw condyle position and movement of the lower jaw

Myocardium extending from the left atrium onto the pulmonary veins: a comparison between subjects with and without atrial fibrillation.
Rapid discharges from the myocardium extendingfrom the left atrium onto the pulmonary vein (PV) have been shown to initiate AF, and AF may be eradicated by the catheter ablation within the PV. However, if there is any difference in the distribution patterns of the myocardial sleeve onto the PV between the subjects with and without AF is to be determined. Twenty-one autops

The aim of this study was to investigate whether Escherichia coli O157 is present in/on raw beef in Serbia. Correlated faecal and carcasses samples from 115 slaughtered cattle plus 26 uncorrelated carcass samples were examined. E. coli O157 detection and identification was performed using selective enrichment and immunomagnetic separation followed by selective media-plating and biochemical tests. The E. coli O157 occurrences were 2.6% in faeces and 2.8% on carcasses

Based on the analysis of a group of 184 patients where resection of the liver was performed, the authors describe the procedure of the preoperative examination and indications for resection. The diagnostic algorithm comprises in addition to ultrasonography, computed tomography supplemented by selective angiography. In central foci moreover magnetic resonance is used. From the total number of patients operated during the period from 1978 to 1993 in 58 the resection was on account of benign disease (most frequently cysts), in 61 on account of primary liver tumours (most frequently haemangi

Preferential repair of the transcribed DNA strand in the dihydrofolate reductase gene throughout the cell cycle in UV-irradiated human cells.
We examined repair of UV-induced cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers (CPD) in each strand of the expressed dihydrofolate reductase gene in human cells in different phases of the cell cycle: G1, early S, middle S, late S, and G2/M. After 4 h of incubation, repair of the

High concentrations of GTP induce conformational changes in the essential bacterial GTPase EngA and enhance its binding to the ribosome.
EngA is a conserved bacterial GTPase involved in ribosome biogenesis. While essential in bacteria, EngA does not have any human orthologue and can thus be an interesting target for new antibacterial compounds. EngA is the only known GTPase bearing two G domains, making unique its catalytic cycle and the induced modulation of its conformation and interaction with the ribosome. We have

The recent increase in the elderly population, current health trends and awareness of age-related changes in the male endocrine system, have led to discussions about the role of the hormonal changes in the aging process in males. Better prevention and treatment of suboptimal health status and age-related diseases in aging men are based on an improved understanding of aging, particularly of the significance of age-associated hormonal changes. The aims of this study were 1) to evaluate the age dependence of the serum concentrations of the following important

Depending on the clinical setting, vital pulp therapy can be managed with an indirect or direct pulp-capping procedure. The determination of which therapy to employ is a decision that must be made by the clinician at the time of treatment. It is hoped that the preceding discussion has informed the clinician as to both the indications and contraindications for each type of treatment and the rationale for selection. Because every possible clinical situation cannot be presented, it is anticipated that by understanding the principles presented in this article,

[Autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of Charlevoix-Saguenay: study of a family and review of the literature].
The autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of Charlevoix-Saguenay (ARSACS) is a cerebellar ataxia autosomal recessively inherited characterized by an ataxic and pyramidal syndrome usually occurring near two years of age. The spastic paraparesis progressively worsens and becomes the prominent sign. Sens

The site of intestinal fat delivery affects satiety and may affect food intake in humans. Animal data suggest that the length of the small intestine exposed to fat is also relevant. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether increasing the areas of intestinal fat exposure and the way it is exposed would affect satiety parameters and food intake. In the present single-blind, randomised, cross-over study, fifteen volunteers, each intubated with a naso-ileal tube, received four

[Bracelet localisation of chickenpox: a case of atypical varicella].
We report on a 3-year-old child with bracelet localisation of chickenpox. Varicella with unusual clinical aspects and course is known as atypical varicella; it is characterized by its unique clinical features, unusual distribution, or a prolonged course. In case of atypical varicella, clinical diagnosis can be difficult. Pre-existing factors have been reported such as immunocomprom

The interaction between tolbutamide (TB) and sulfonamide (SA) in rabbits was quantitatively investigated by both in vivo and in vitro experiments, and the mechanisms of species difference between rabbits and rats were analyzed by comparing the two total body clearances (CLtot) obtained from in vivo and in vitro studies. The sulfonamides used were sulfaphenazole (SP) and sulfadimethoxine (SDM). In vivo CLtot of TB was changed little by SA

Driving in Europe: the need of a common policy for drivers with obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome.
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSA) increases the risk of motor vehicle crashes, and of all medical disorders, has greatest risk in this respect. There is no consistency in the way OSA is considered by the national 'Physical Fitness to Drive' legislations within the 27 member countries of the European Union (EU), and most ignore OSA. This is further reflected

Inactivated HIV-1 Immunogen: impact on markers of disease progression.
The pursuit of valid markers of disease progression in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection is especially relevant considering the potential treatment alternatives that presently are under evaluation. Because HIV-1 infection results in a virally induced immune suppression characterized by the loss of cell-mediated immunity (CMI), depletion of CD4+ cells, loss of core antibody, and an increase in viral burden, these markers seemed to be

Superovulated Holstein heifers (n = 32) were given a depot injection of 500 mg recombinant bovine somatotropin (rBST) or vehicle at Day 4 of the estrous cycle (7 days before the first FSH injection); at Day 11, coincidentally with the first FSH injection; or at Day 15, the time of artificial insemination. Embryos were collected nonsurgically, and the number of corpora lutea was counted by ultrason

Linking algal growth inhibition to chemical activity: baseline toxicity required 1% of saturation.
Recently, high-quality data were published on the algal growth inhibition caused by 50 non-polar narcotic compounds, of which 39 were liquid compounds with defined water solubility. In the present study, the toxicity data for these liquids were applied to challenge the chemical activity range for baseline toxicity. First, the reported effective concentrations (EC50) were divided by the respective water solubilities (S water), since

Cerebrocortical microgyri were induced by placing a freezing probe on the skull of P0 and P1 rat pups. Freezing lesions resulted in laminar necrosis of the infragranular layers and the subsequent migration of supragranular neurons through the region of damage. The result was most often a region of four-layered microgyric cortex consisting of a molecular layer, a thickened layer ii, a lamina dissecans (corresponding to the necrotized

[Relation of nerve growth factor expression with perineural invasion and pain in pancreatic cancer].
To investigate the association of nerve growth factor (NGF) expression with perineural invasion and pain in pancreatic cancer. NGF expression was detected by Northern blotting and immunohistochemistry in 28 pancreatic cancer and 20 normal pancreatic tissue samples. Correlation analysis of the results with the extent of perineural invasion, pain and histopathologic characteristics of the tumor was performed. Northern blot analysis revealed that NGF levels in

The problems of tobacco addiction have evolved over centuries. The possible relationship between smoking and oral cancer was recognized as early as the 19th century. The use of tobacco results in an estimated 4 million deaths each year worldwide. Approximately 3,000 adolescents start smoking every day; 4.5 million children and adolescents smoke cigarettes; 1 million use smokeless tobacco. This article reviews the effects of environmental tobacco smoke and primary smoking on lung health and maturation and the pathophysiology of smoking-related pulmonary disease. Smoking

Relationship between infectious gastroenteritis and irritable bowel syndrome.
A newly recognized causative factor in a subset of patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is called post-infectious IBS (PI-IBS). IBS symptoms frequently develop after an acute episode of infectious gastroenteritis. Several studies have been made in our understanding of the concept of PI-IBS. Recent studies suggest that transient or chronic gastrointestinal inflammation may play a role in IBS pathogenesis. PI-I

The peptide, MKATKLVLGAVILGSTLLAGCSSN, corresponding to the N-terminal 24 amino acids of Braun's prolipoprotein, was used to study the lipid modification of prolipoprotein in Escherichia coli by measuring the rate of incorporation of either [2-3H]glycerol or [9,10-3H]palmitate from the corresponding labeled phosphatidylglycerol into the peptide. Using E. coli strains containing varying levels of prolipoprotein diacyl

[Evaluation of the vaccine coverage of the general practitioners in the French Community].
The present inter-University study aims to analyze the vaccine statute of the Belgian French-speaking general practionners and the reasons of their possible non-vaccination. A questionnaire with an exhaustive list of vaccines was sent by postal way to a random sample of thousand two hundred and twenty general practitioners. The results were analyzed via SPSS 13. The rate of answer is 60.83%. Two thirds of the doctors (67

Parasite findings in archeological material have made it possible to trace the dispersion of infectious agents and their human hosts in ancient times. These findings allow us to re-examine theories proposed at the beginning of the century concerning transpacific contacts that Asian populations may have had with South America. This has been the case, for example, with hookworm eggs found in archeological material dating up to 7,000 years before present. Because of the increase in scientific production in this area, it has

Comparison of endometrial biopsy and postoperative hysterectomy specimen findings in patients with atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer.
The aim of the study was to assess the concordance between the preoperative endometrial sampling and microscopic examination of the hysterectomy specimens in patients surgically treated for atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial carcinoma. We analysed a group of 204 patients, of whom 160 (78.43%) underwent surgical treatment for cancer of the corpus uteri and 44 (21.57%) for atypical endometrial hyperplasia. The preoperative diagnosis was based

Altogether 129 F1 sows from a commercial sow farm with at least four litters were genotyped for the oestrogen receptor 2 gene (ESR2) and cytochrome P450 hydroxylase 21 gene (CYP21) and investigated for associations on the litter-size parameters: total number born and number born alive. Five novel polymorphisms were found in the 3'-untranslated region for the CYP21 gene. Genotype and allele frequencies for the CYP21 (position 3462G > A

Best practices protocol for the evaluation of bulbar dysfunction: summary recommendations from the NEALS bulbar subcommittee symposium.
The aim of this Symposium was to develop a consensus based, bulbar assessment protocol for implementation within NEALS clinics. A one-day symposium, held in April 2017, was organized into Speech and Swallowing sections to establish summary recommendations for the assessment of bulbar dysfunction within each group. Summary recommendations included speech referrals and AAC evaluations at initial visit, CNS-

Influences of motion and depth on brightness induction: an illusory transparency effect?
To experiments were performed to investigate whether motion and binocular disparity influence brightness induction, and whether the effects of motion and binocular disparity, if any, interact with each other. In order to introduce motion, textured backgrounds were used as the inducing field. The results showed that motion and/or crossed disparity reduce brightness induction, whereas uncrossed disparity increases it. The effect of motion and the effect of

The objective of this study is to identify possible genetic polymorphisms of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) in systolic heart failure (sHF). A total of 509 patients were enrolled into this study. A non-parsimonious multivariable logistic regression model that incorporated potential risk factors was applied to calculate the propensity score for developing sHF. A 1:1 case-control selection process was made according to the rank of propensity. The six genetic polymorphisms of angiotensinogen (AGT), including T

Lower education predicts poor response to dietary intervention in pregnancy, regardless of neighbourhood affluence: secondary analysis from the ROLO randomised control trial.
To determine if response to a low glycaemic index (GI) dietary intervention, measured by changes in dietary intake and gestational weight gain, differed across women of varying socio-economic status (SES). Secondary data analysis of the ROLO randomised control trial. The intervention consisted of a two-hour low-GI dietary education session in early pregnancy

Activation of the pituitary-adrenocortical axis in day-old rats by insulin-induced hypoglycemia.
Most newborn mammals, including humans, are susceptible to neonatal hypoglycemia shortly after birth, especially if fasted. Glycogenolysis provides short term benefit, but gluconeogenesis is required for glucose homeostasis at this stage of development. A functional hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis is essential for glucose homeostasis in adults, but little is known of the importance

Exposure to an intermittent, escalating dose of amphetamine induces a sensitized state that, both behaviourally and neurochemically, mirrors several features linked to the positive symptoms of schizophrenia. Increasingly it is being realized that cognitive deficits are a core component of schizophrenia; therefore we sought to assess the effects of inducing an amphetamine-sensitized state on memory (working and long-term) and cognitive flexibility, two cognitive domains impaired in schizophrenia. Rats were exposed to a sensitizing regimen

The feasibility of dedicated breast PET for the assessment of residual tumor after neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
To evaluate the utility of ring-type dedicated breast positron emission tomography (dbPET) for the detection of the residual tumor after neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC). This prospective study included 27 women with histologically proven breast cancer over a 37-month period. All patients underwent ring-type dbPET followed by whole-body PET-CT (WBPET) for preoperative tumor evaluation and re-

Phytochemical investigation of the stem bark of Stereospermum acuminatissimum K. Schum. resulted in the isolation of 21 compounds, including two new guanine derivatives, 1,3,7-trimethylguanin-1/3-ium (1) and 3,7-dimethylguanin-1/3-ium (2), and one new phenolic long chain ester, 2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl hentriacontano

Children undergoing intense cancer treatment frequently require total parenteral nutrition (TPN). Rarely, vitamins are removed due to hypersensitivity to the carrier vehicle in the formulation. We present the case of a 5-year-old patient with stage 4, high-risk neuroblastoma who developed altered mental status, ataxia, and tachycardia during consolidative autologous stem cell transplantation. Skin findings and brain MRI were consistent with thiamine (vitamin B1) deficiency and Wernicke encephalopathy

Tourettism in multiple sclerosis: a case report.
The term Tourettism refers to Tourette Syndrome (TS)-like symptoms which appear secondary to a variety of both acquired and congenital neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders or following an exposure to several drugs. The association between Tourettism and Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is very rare. Only two cases of patients affected by MS who also showed a simple phonic tic and complex vocal tics respectively have been reported. The case here described

As part of an enterprise effort to develop new clinical information systems at Intermountain Health Care, we are developing a Knowledge Authoring Tool that facilitates the development of medical knowledge. At present, users of the application can compose order sets and other clinical knowledge documents based upon XML schemas. The flexible nature of the application allows for the authoring of new types of documents once an XML schema and accompanying web form have been developed and stored in a shared repository. The need for a knowledge acquisition tool stems largely

Bacterially-produced small molecules demonstrate a wide range of structural and functional diversity. A new diketopiperazine, cyclo(D-trans-Hyp-L-Leu) (1), and five other known diketopiperazines (2-6), were isolated and purified from the fermented broth of a Kenyan bacterium Bacillus licheniformis LB 8CT. The structure of 1 was elucidated by a combination of extensive spectroscopic analyses, including 2D NMR and HR-

From innovation to implementation: the long and winding road.
Building on theory and past research, in early 2000 scientists in the Division of Reproductive Health developed a prevention innovation for CDC's Global AIDS Program for use in countries severely affected by the HIV/AIDS epidemic. This innovative program model is called MARCH: Modeling and Reinforcement to Combat HIV/AIDS (Galavotti et al. Am J Public Health 91:1602-1607, 2001). MARCH promotes behavioral changes that

Eleganoside-A, B and C from Pseudocalymma elegans, a native of Brazil.
The toxic methanol-soluble part of Pseudocalymma elegans (leaves), a native of Brazil, yielded three new iridoidglucosides (1a-3a) as their acetate-derivatives (1-3) named eleganoside-A (1a), B (2a) and C (3a) which have been characterized with the aid of spectroscopic

In 1971, waste oils containing 2,3,7,8:tetrachlorodibenzodioxin (TCDD) were sprayed in Missouri for dust control. To determine if pets could serve as sentinels of human health risks associated with this contamination, we asked pet owners in a pilot study of exposed human populations about their pets' illnesses. Of 13 pets with owner-reported illnesses, 8 had potential TCDD exposures and 5 did not (p less than .05

The correlation between selected measurements from footprint and radiograph of flatfoot.
To assess the subarch angle obtained from electronic footprints using a capacitive mat transducer system in children with flatfeet, to evaluate other foot arch indexes, and to compare the results with radiographic measurements. A cross-sectional study. Rehabilitation clinic in a municipal hospital. Thirty-two children (age range, 7-13y) diagnosed with flatfeet. Radiographic measurements and foot shape measurements obtained from feet. Talo

Synthesis of pyrrolinylnaphthalenes and evaluation of their antinociceptive activity.
In this paper the regioselective preparation of (R/S)-1,2-dimethyl-3-[2-(6-substituted naphthyl)]-2H,5H-pyrrolines 2a-d is reported. These compounds were prepared by thermal dehydration of the corresponding alcohols (2R,3S/2S,3R)-1,2-

We sought to determine whether triclosan (2,4,4'-trichloro-2'-hydroxydiphenylether), an extensively used anti-plaque agent with broad-spectrum anti-microbial activity, with reported anti-inflammatory effects via inhibition of prostaglandin E2 and interleukin 1 (IL-1)beta, could also more broadly suppress multiple inflammatory gene pathways responsible for the pathogenesis of gingivitis and periodontitis. As an exploratory study, the effects of tr

The use of Silastic vessel loops and skin staples for closure of surgical wounds, with or without tissue loss, is a relatively simple technique that can be done at the patient's bedside or in an office setting, using local anesthesia. The vessel loops are tightened or additional staples are placed, as required, until the skin edges are approximated. In a variety of wounds, use of Silastic vessel loops eliminates the need for skin grafting or secondary wound closure and minimizes the morbidity associated with these procedures.

Comparison of 30-day mortality between anterior-wall versus inferior-wall ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock in patients undergoing primary coronary angioplasty.
In this study, 30-day mortality from cardiogenic shock caused by left anterior descending artery (LAD) occlusion was compared with that caused by left circumflex (LCX) or right coronary artery (RCA) occlusion after primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Between May 2001 and December 2009, 212 consecutive patients with anterior-

A 4.4 year follow-up study has been done on a previously reported group of 200 consecutive patients who underwnet coronary bypass. The yearly mortality rate has been 1% (8/200 in 4 years). Our total group of 1,038 surgically treated patients has had an operative mortality rate of 1.3%, and an early graft patency rate of 89.6% has been recorded in the 60% of patients consenting to restudy. These results are compared to natural history

We have identified a novel Ca(2+)-dependent interaction between neuronal calcium sensor-1 (NCS-1) and the GTPase ARF1. Both of these proteins are localized to the Golgi complex, and both regulate phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase IIIbeta (PI(4)Kbeta). Spatial and temporal control of phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate levels through activation of PI(4)Kbeta is important for the recruitment of trafficking complexes to the trans-Golgi network

An analysis of 1.42 million human single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), mapped by the International SNP Map Working Group, revealed an apparent power function relationship between the estimated variance and mean number of SNPs per sample bin. This relationship could be explained by the assumption that a scale invariant Poisson gamma (PG) exponential dispersion model could describe the distribution of SNPs within the bins. In this model the sample bins would contain random (Poisson distributed) numbers of identical by descent genomic segments, each with independently distributed and

Reaction of 1-(S)-[3-hydroxy-2-(phosphonomethoxy)propyl]-5-azacytosine (1) with dicyclohexylcarbodiimide and N,N,-dicyclohexyl-4-morpholinocarboxamidine in dimethylformamide at elevated temperature afforded the corresponding cyclic phosphonate 2, that is, 1-{[(5S)-2-hydroxy-2-oxido-1,4,2-dioxaph

Diabetes insipidus (DI) in pregnancy is a heterogeneous syndrome, most classically presenting with polyuria and polydipsia that can complicate approximately 1 in 30,000 pregnancies. The presentation can involve exacerbation of central or nephrogenic DI during pregnancy, which may have been either overt or subclinical prior to pregnancy. Women without preexisting DI can also be affected by the actions of placental vasopressinase which increases in activity between the 4th and 38th weeks of

A new colorimetric strategy for monitoring caspase 3 activity by HRP-mimicking DNAzyme-peptide conjugates.
A new method for caspase 3 activity assay has been developed based on HRP-mimicking DNAzyme-peptide conjugates. The mechanism of detection was based on the specific cleavage of DEVD-peptides by active caspase 3 for recognition and the catalytic properties of HRP-mimicking DNAzymes for signal amplification. Under optimal conditions, the detection limit of caspase 3

Thrombocytopenia is a frequent hematological complication in patients with liver cirrhosis, but its pathogenesis is not clearly understood. We evaluated the effect of iron depletion by phlebotomy on platelet count in 62 consecutive iron overloaded patients with liver cirrhosis and thrombocytopenia. After a median follow-up of 30.2 months we observed a significant increase of platelet count in all patients (from mean baseline levels of 110.1 up to 168.22109/l at the end of follow-up

Contemporary use of and future roles for heparin in antithrombotic therapy.
Although heparin therapy is an established component of the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic disease, recent advances have resulted in improvements in the clinical use of this agent. Studies have shown that weight-based dosing influences significantly both the time to reach a therapeutic intensity of anticoagulation and the incidence of thromboembolic recurrence. It is now considered the standard of care. A growing understanding of the variability among activated partial thromb

Evolutionary transformations of fetal membranes and reproductive strategies.
Fetal membranes (such as the chorioallantois and yolk sac) are essential to embryonic development, and have contributed importantly to the evolutionary and ecological diversity of vertebrates. Since the mid-19th century, many scientific careers have been devoted to investigations of their structure, function, and development. However, significant gaps remain in our understanding of the diversity and evolution of fetal membranes. This symposium volume focuses on the use of

According to the World Health Organization (WHO), over 130 million people are in constant need of humanitarian assistance due to natural disasters, disease outbreaks, and conflicts, among other factors. These health crises can compromise the resilience of healthcare systems, which are essential for achieving the health objectives of the sustainable development goals (SDGs) of the United Nations (UN). During a humanitarian health crisis, rapid and informed decision making is required. This is often challenging due to information scarcity, limited resources, and strict time

Chromosomal characterization of Amazonian freshwater stingrays with evidence for new karyomorphs and XX/XY sex chromosomes.
Cytogenetic studies in the subfamily Potamotrygoninae have provided valuable insights into the understanding of the evolution and diversification of its species. In the present study, the chromosomal features of seven nominal potamotrygonin species are provided: Plesiotrygon iwamae (2n=74, FN=120), Potamotrygon amaz

Urinary protein:creatinine ratio in rabbits in relation to their serological status to Encephalitozoon cuniculi.
The concentrations of protein and creatinine were measured in urine samples from 74 healthy domestic pet rabbits, 54 of them seronegative to Encephalitozoon cuniculi and 20 seropositive. The calculated reference range for the urinary protein:creatinine ratio (UPC) of E cuniculi-seronegative rabbits was 0.

Caudothalamic groove cysts in Zellweger syndrome.
The cerebro-hepato-renal syndrome of Zellweger is the most severe peroxisome biogenesis disorder. Zellweger syndrome is caused by a disturbance in the peroxisomal protein import machinery and leads to multiple organ defects and death usually within the first year of life. Here we report a 3-month-old girl with Zellweger syndrome who was found to have cysts in the caudothal

Decoupling analysis and socioeconomic drivers of environmental pressure in China.
China's unprecedented change offers a unique opportunity for uncovering relationships between economic growth and environmental pressure. Here we show the trajectories of China's environmental pressure and reveal underlying socioeconomic drivers during 1992-2010. Mining and manufacturing industries are the main contributors to increasing environmental pressure from the producer perspective. Changes in urban household consumption, fixed capital formation, and exports are the main drivers from the consumer perspective. While absolute decoupling is not realized, China

Spectral characterization of ciliary beating. Temperature dependence on spectral parameters.
Ciliary beating was optically examined in tissue cultures from frog palate epithelium. Consecutive segments of the analog signal were Fast-Fourier transformed. The three main parameters which define the spectrum, position of the peak maximum (f), width of the spectral line (S.D.), and area (A) under the spectrum, were all measured as a function of temperature. These measurements were also examined as a function of the number

The nucleotide sequence of the luxE gene of Vibrio harveyi and a comparison of the amino acid sequences of the acyl-protein synthetases from V. harveyi and V. fischeri.
The luxE gene of bioluminescent bacteria encodes the acyl-protein synthetase component of the fatty acid reductase complex. The complex is responsible for converting tetradecanoic acid to the aldehyde which serves as a substrate in the luciferase-catalyzed reaction. The

C4d.1 and C4d.2 are serologically defined allotypes of murine complement component C4. Previous studies in Shreffler's laboratory have shown that the structural difference between the two allotypes lies within a single tryptic peptide of the C4 alpha-chain and that the sequences of this fragment from the two allotypes (determined from nucleic acid sequences of genomic clones) differ only by the substitution of arginine in C4d.2 for glutamine in C4d

Kinetics of hybridization to human DNA of heterogeneous nuclear RNA isolated from normal human lymphoblasts and acute leukemia blast cells.
Heterogeneous nuclear RNA was extracted from normal PHA-stimulated human lymphocytes and acute myeloid leukemia blast cells. Experiments were performed to determine the hybridization kinetics of these RNA's to human DNA. The best least squares solutions indicate in the hybridization reaction of both normal and leukemic RNA two main components. For leukemic cell RNA the rate constants of both components were significantly different from that of

The causality assessment of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) remains a challenge and eagerly awaits the development of reliable hepatotoxicity biomarkers. None of the different available algorithms used for the causality assessment of DILI has been universally accepted as the gold standard. This study was conducted to examine the agreement among different causality assessment scales in reporting DILI. The World Health Organization-Uppsala Monitoring Center (WHO-UMC), Naranjo, Roussel Uclaf Caus

How bad do you want it? Reward modulation in the avian nidopallium caudolaterale.
The prefrontal cortex plays an important role in reward processing in humans and nonhuman primates. In the current study we examined reward modulation in the single cell activity of the avian analog of the prefrontal cortex, the nidopallium caudolaterale (NCL). Pigeons had to peck at stimuli that represented either no reward, a small reward, or a large reward

Effect of water on the thermo-physical properties of Reline: An experimental and molecular simulation based approach.
Increasing applications of ionic liquids and their analogues, namely Deep Eutectic Solvents (DESs), requires further investigation into the effect of moisture content on the physico-chemical characteristics of these fluids. Although it is common practice to synthesize these fluids in a moisture-controlled environment, as moisture is generally considered to have an impact on their properties, there are no systematic studies on

Working hours as a risk factor in the development of musculoskeletal complaints.
The length of daily working hours as a risk factor for the development of musculoskeletal complaints was studied by comparing the sick leave statistics of 408 sewing machine operators on full-time schedules (8 h working day) with 210 operators on part-time schedules (5 h working day). Working part-time was shown to postpone the occurrence of sick leave due to musculoskeletal disorders by approximately half a year. There was no lasting effect

Type A and B monoamine oxidases distinctly modulate signal transduction pathway and gene expression to regulate brain function and survival of neurons.
Type A and B monoamine oxidases (MAO-A, -B) mediate and modulate intracellular signal pathways for survival or death of neuronal cells. MAO-A is associated with development of neuronal architecture, synaptic activity, and onset of psychiatric disorders, including depression, and antisocial aggressive impulsive behaviors. MAO-B produces hydrogen peroxide and plays a vital

Breast cancer oral anti-cancer medication adherence: a systematic review of psychosocial motivators and barriers.
In the past decade, there has been an increase in the development and use of oral anti-cancer medications (OAMs), especially for breast cancer-the most prevalent cancer in women. However, adherence rates for OAMs are often suboptimal, leading to lower survival rate, increased risk of recurrence, and higher healthcare costs. Our goal was to identify potentially modifiable psychosocial facilitators and

Reports on long-term health related quality of life (HRQL) after surgery for World Health Organization grade II diffuse low-grade gliomas (LGG) are rare. We aimed to compare long-term HRQL in two hospital cohorts with different surgical strategies. Biopsy and watchful waiting was favored in one hospital, while early resections guided with three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound was favored in the other. With a population-based approach 153 patients with histologically verified LGG

JZP-4 is a novel with anticonvulsant, antidepressant and antimania effects in preclinical models. It has some structural similarity to the sodium channel blocker, lamotrigine, but it has both potent sodium and calcium channel blocking activity. In the current studies, JZP-4 was tested in comparison to lamotrigine in the four plate and elevated plus maze tests for anxiolytic activity. In the four plate test, treatment with JZP-4

Sequential occurrence of combined pulmonary fibrosis and emphysema syndrome in a non-smoker female patient.
The combined pulmonary fibrosis and emphysema (CPFE) syndrome is a unique and an under-recognized disorder characterized by emphysema in the upper lobes and interstitial fibrosis in the lower lobes of the lung. It occurs predominantly in males and almost exclusively in smokers. This rare combination of a restrictive and an obstructive mechanical defect carries a poorer prognosis than either of the two components.

One of the most powerful tools for the detection of an evoked response is the Rayleigh test which checks a set of phase angles for uniformity. Several important theoretical aspects of the Rayleigh test are illustrated in the present paper. First of all, probability density functions and distribution functions of the underlying test-statistic as well as receiver operating characteristics (ROC) are presented. Then it is exemplified how to derive a ROC for the case that two independent Rayleigh test-statistics (e.g.

A Novel Method to Evaluate Precision of Optical Implant Impressions with Commercial Scan Bodies-An Experimental Approach.
Optical transfer is realized with system-specific transfer posts (scan bodies) mounted on dental implants or on implant analogs. This study presents a novel algorithm for creation of geometry on the surface of dental implant scan bodies and examines the precision of the optical acquisition of scan bodies and the precision of the position of the screw-tightened scan bodies on dental implant analogs. Scan bodies of

The objective of this study was to evaluate the perceived stress index, quality of life, and hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis activity in women with endometriosis and chronic pelvic pain. For the study, 93 women with endometriosis and 82 healthy women volunteered. The visual analogue scale (VAS) (0=no pain; 10=severe pain) was used to determine pain intensity; the perceived stress questionnaire (PSQ) defined stress index, and the health-related quality-of-life

The effect of sucrose rinses on the bacteriology of early plaque on enamel, amalgam and composite was investigated. Three test persons rinsed with a 15% sucrose solution every hour for 12 h prior to the insertion of the test materials. Round disks of amalgam and composite were carried on the buccal surfaces of the upper molars for 2 1/2 h. Sucrose rinses were found to have an effect both on plaque composition and on the amount of plaque on composite, but not

A prospective study of 30 renal units in 27 patients with double pigtail ureteral stents seen at our hospital was done. The aim of the study was to confirm or rule out the occurrence of vesicoureteral reflux radiologically, and to define its degree in stented patients. During the filling phase of the cystourethrogram, reflux occurred in 19 of the 30 renal units (63%). Of those 19 renal units the reflux was grade 1/4 in 15 (79%), while

Most employees contribute towards the cost of employer-sponsored insurance, despite tax laws that favor zero contributions. Contribution levels vary markedly across firms, and the average contribution (as a percentage of the premium) has increased over time. We offer a novel explanation for these facts: employers raise contribution levels to encourage their employees to obtain coverage from their spouses' employer. We develop a model to show how the employee contribution required by a given firm depends on characteristics of the firm and its work force, and find empirical

In a randomized, double-blind study, we have compared the prophylactic antiemetic efficacy of ondansetron with that of metoclopramide in 123 patients undergoing general anaesthesia for day-case gynaecological laparoscopic surgery. The patients received either i.v. ondansetron 4 mg or metoclopramide 10 mg immediately before a standard anaesthetic. The number of patients with no nausea or vomiting in the ondansteron group was 50 (82

The bacterium Sinorhizobium meliloti interacts symbiotically with legume plant hosts such as Medicago truncatula to form nitrogen-fixing root nodules. During symbiosis, plant and bacterial cells differentiate in a coordinated manner, resulting in specialized plant cells that contain nitrogen-fixing bacteroids. Both plant and bacterial genes are required at each developmental stage of symbiosis. We analyzed gene expression in nodules formed by wild-type bacteria on six plant mutants with defects in nitrogen fixation

We investigated the ultrastructural basis of the synaptic convergence of afferent fibres from the mediodorsal thalamic nucleus (MD) and the ventral tegmental area (VTA) on the prefrontal cortical neurons of the rat by examining the synaptic relationships between thalamocortical or tegmentocortical terminals labelled with anterograde markers [lesion-induced degeneration or transport of wheat germ agglutinin conjugated to horseradish peroxidase (WGA-HRP)] and randomly selected unlabelled

Rs290487 of TCF7L2 gene is not associated with type 2 diabetes in Chinese Han population: a case control study and meta-analysis.
rs290487 in TCF7L2 was originally identified to be associated with type 2 diabetes in Taiwan Chinese population. However, discrepancies were noted in subsequent replicated studies. So the aim of this study is to investigate the effect of rs290487 in TCF7L2 on genetic susceptibility of type 2 diabetes in a large

Fluorescence and flow dichroism of F-actin-epsilon-ADP; the orientation of the admine plane relative to the long axis of F-actin.
The excitation polarization spectrum of epsilon-ADP bound to F-actin shows that two absorption dipoles at 260 nm and 340 nm are oriented in different directions relative to the emission dipole. On the other hand, the linear dichroism of F-actin-epsilon-ADP gives that the dichroic ratio of

Atropine is often given as an antidote for acute cholinergic effects in studies of a delayed neuropathy (OPIDN) caused by some organophosphorus esters. These experiments examined if atropine would also affect the onset and/or severity of signs of OPIDN. Chickens were given one to six 200 micrograms/kg doses of diisopropyl phosphorofluoridate (DFP) with or without 20 mg/kg atropine (IM). Locomotion, brain

Can continuous physical training counteract aging effect on myoelectric fatigue? A surface electromyography study application.
To compare the myoelectric onset of muscle fatigue in physically active trained young skiers with respect to elderly skiers and to test whether continuous training can counteract the selective loss of type II muscle fibers usually observed with aging. An observational, cross-sectional study of the myoelectric onset of muscle fatigue in the left tibialis anterior muscles. Surface electromyography recorded with portable devices at a downhill

Highly accurate and predictive models are essential components to promote early breast cancer screening in primary care or home care settings. This study was conducted to demonstrate how the relevant variable selection process influenced the predictive performance of the model to identify individuals at high risk for breast cancer. As such, as a strategy to increase the predictive performance of the models, a systematic review of previously published articles was conducted to select important risk factors for breast cancer. Through the systematic literature review and the application of variable selection methods, 13 final

Cultural differences between continents may also affect the outcome on interventions. This study compared an Asian and North American cohort of total knee replacement (TKR) patients. This study aims to compare the patient-reported outcome measures as well as a functional outcome after TKR between these two different patient populations with a different cultural societal background in two different countries. A retrospective study on two cohorts of 76 Asian TKR patients and 64 North American TKR patients were compared. Demographics, patient-reported outcome measures (

Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura associated with breast cancer: a case report and review of the current literature.
The association of solid tumors with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) is rare. Before this study, there have been three case reports indicating an association between breast cancer and ITP. We present a 69-year-old man with metastatic breast cancer and progressive thrombocytopenia without any evidence of a leukoerythroblastic picture or eti

The trust region method has been applied to the minimization of localization functions, and it is shown that both local occupied and local virtual Hartree-Fock (HF) orbitals can be obtained. Because step sizes are size extensive in the trust region method, large steps may be required when the method is applied to large molecular systems. For an exponential parametrization of the localization function only small steps are allowed, and the standard trust radius update therefore has been replaced by a scheme where the direction of the step is

Social work competencies in palliative and end-of-life care.
Social workers from clinical, academic, and research settings met in 2002 for a national Social Work Leadership Summit on Palliative and End-of-Life Care. Participants placed the highest priority on the development and broad dissemination of a summary document of the state-of-the-art practice of social work in palliative and end-of-life care. Nine Summit participants reviewed the literature and constructed this detailed description of the knowledge, skills

Synthetic Alzheimer amyloid beta/A4 peptides enhance production of complement C3 component by cultured microglial cells.
Primary microglial cultures prepared from newborn mice showed the production and release of the third component of complement (C3). Newly synthesized [35S]methionine-labelled C3 was purified by immunoprecipitation using anti-C3-antibody. C3 was detected by SDS-PAGE and fluoroaraphy of the immunoprecipitated protein from cell lysates as a 195 kDa band

This study presents new coordinating modes of a Schiff base with three coordinating groups and an interesting two-dimensional framework based on two types of constructing units. In the title compound, {[Ag(C(14)H(10)N(4)O)]ClO(4)}(n), the Ag(I) ion is coordinated by three N atoms and one O atom from three different N'-(4-cyanobenzylidene)isonicotinohydrazide (L

The self-image of adolescents: A study of four cultures.
This paper describes the utilization of the Offer Self-Image Questionnaire (OSIQ) for research purposes on a variety of adolescent populations and demonstrates the OSIQ's effectiveness in meaningfully separating normal, juvenile delinquent, and emotionally disturbed adolescents; older and younger teenagers; males and females. It also considers the utilization of the OSIQ in four different cultures (United States, Ireland, Australia, and Israel) and concentrates on

Preoperative autogenous blood (PAB) deposit programs are expensive. Aside from primary costs of preparing PAB, the user incurs major secondary costs from additional preadmission visits with the surgeon and from excess production, utilization and outdating of PAB (transfer into the allogeneic blood supply is not permitted here). These costs will exceed 200 Mio DM annually, increasing with better acceptance of PAB programs. However, PAB deposits are only indicated if transfusion incidence for the intended elective procedure

Demands for engineering applications of high performance polymers, such as the polyaryletherketone families, have grown significantly in recent years. Fundamental knowledge on the mechanical behavior of such polymers, especially under harsh environments, is still lacking. In this study, the mechanical behavior and interfacial phenomena of a blend of polybenzimidazole (PBI) particles having sizes of about 50 μm and polyetheretherketone (PEEK) matrix at 50:50 weight ratio was characterized.

Comparison of different parathyroid hormone radioimmunoassays in uremic patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels of patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) were measured by three different radioimmunoassays (RIA); RIA for mid-region PTH by antibody CH9 (i-PTH) (1), RIA for intact fragments of PTH (intact PTH) and RIA for C-terminal fragments

[Clinico-pathochemical substantiation of the exacerbation phenomenon in patients with ischemic heart disease during treatment with the helium-neon laser].
Some pathochemical mechanisms of coronary disease aggravation in the course of laser therapy were assessed by means of the measurement of erythrocyte membrane lipids and phospholipids as well as plasma alpha-tocopherol and diene conjugate levels. The aggravation was associated with an activation of metabolic processes aiming to produce regeneration of membrane structures. The regeneration takes place in

[Epidemica of hand-foot and mouth disease].
After describing the affections caused by the virus Coxsackie, the characteristics of disease in mouth-hands-feet are looked over reporting the principal epidemic outbreak as well as the isolated forms of exhibition. The illness can be shown in a complete, incomplete or moderate way. This outbreak occurred in Mendoza (Argentina) in 1975-1976: 25 school aged children were controlled and no other relatives of different ages fell

[Delayed endolymphatic hydrops: an analysis of 12 cases].
Delayed Endolymphatic Hydrops (DEH) is a clinical entity which is characterized by an early phase with a profound sensorineural hearing loss in one ear. After a prolonged period of time (from 1 to 68 years) a late phase of the disease appears with different otologic symptoms. The ipsilateral type of endolymphatic hydrops appears in the deaf ear with consequent episodic vertigo

Currently, the Prevotella intermedia group includes three biochemically and phylogenetically related species: Prevotella intermedia, Prevotella nigrescens, and the newly described Prevotella pallens. The two first-named species are mentioned with varying emphasis in connection with periodontal diseases, while such a connection of P. pallens is not known. Mothers serve as a plausible source of bacteria to their children, and conceivably, a mother with periodont

The position of the window in an "off-on-off" fluorescent pH sensor may be shifted at will along a pH axis by changing the overall charge of the micellar container. This is obtained by using non-ionic Triton X-100 as the surfactant, and by increasing the molar fraction of the anionic sodium dodecyl sulfate (chi(SDS)) as co-surfactant, with pyrene as the fluorophore and a lipophilic tertiary amine and a lipophilic pyridine

[Induced abortion: women's free choice or impossibility of choice? Higher frequency of induced abortions among immigrant women in Sweden compared to native Swedish women].
During one year all women attending one of Sweden's largest clinics for induced abortion were interviewed. Out of 1,289 interviewed women 36 % (468) were born abroad, compared to 29% of women in corresponding ages in the local communities. The immigrant women had less experience of contraceptive methods, more born children and reported the partner relationship to

The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) share the same transmission routes which lead to high coinfection rates. Among HIV-infected individuals such rates reached 21% in Argentina, being HCV-1a the most predominant subtype. In this work, 25 HCV subtype 1a (HCV-1a) strains from Argentinean patients coinfected with HIV were studied based on E2 and NS5A sequences. Phylogenetic analyses indicated that 12 strains were highly related to

Mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) play a key role in the regulation of cellular processes such as cell growth, cell differentiation, and apoptosis. However, the specific function of single isoforms of the MAPK family in renal epithelial cell differentiation and/or proliferation has not been investigated so far. We now report stable reduction of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 (ERK1) protein expression and lack of serum-induced ERK1 activation in alkali-dedifferentiated Madin-Darby canine kidney-

Annexin V is an alpha-helical protein which shows anticoagulatory and antiinflammatory activity. It is supposed to be involved in membrane fusion and exocytosis. In this study acid-induced equilibrium unfolding of the human annexin V is investigated by fluorescence and circular dichroism spectroscopy. The spectroscopic data indicate that at least two intermediate states are involved in unfolding. One of the proposed intermediate states exhibits properties similar to those observed with annexin V wild type saturated with calcium, another may be regarded

Preparation, characterization, and bioavailability of ursodeoxycholic acid-phospholipid complex in vivo.
The aim of this study was to prepare ursodeoxycholic acid-phospholipid complex (UDCA-PLC) to enhance oral bioavailability of UDCA, and the physicochemical properties of the complex were studied. Compared with those of UDCA tablet after oral administration in rats, the main pharmacokinetic characteristics and bioavailability of UDCA-PLC orally administered were evaluated

In a placebo-controlled, double-blind study, we have compared the efficacy of ondansetron 16 mg, 8 mg and 1 mg administered 8-hourly for prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting. We studied 995 patients undergoing major gynaecological surgery; 982 were included in the analysis. Study medication was administered 1 h before induction of anaesthesia and second and third doses were given 8 and 16 h after the first. The treatment groups were similar for patient characteristics, surgical

It is commonly accepted that cancer cell progression is accompanied by accumulation of genetic changes. Here we searched for copy number variations in melanoma and asked whether homozygous losses always cumulate during tumor cell progression. Therefore we investigated either melanoma cell lines or tissue derived from the primary lesion and from the lymph node metastasis of the same individual patient. In vitro studies of melanoma cell lines revealed high migratory and anchorage independent growth of metastasis-derived cells. Surprisingly, whole genome DNA analysis of a primum-derived cell line

To summarize the current knowledge on remodeling in chronic sinus disease. Chronic sinus disease is characterized by persistent inflammation of the nasal and paranasal mucosa and is currently classified into two major subgroups on the basis of the absence (CRSsNP) or presence (CRSwNP) of nasal polyps. Transforming growth factor-beta and matrix metalloproteinases are critical factors involved in the remodeling process. Remodeling is clearly present in chronic sinus disease. Transforming growth factor-beta has been implicated

We investigated transcriptome changes in Euphorbia esula (leafy spurge) seeds with a focus on the effect of constant and diurnal fluctuating temperature on dormancy and germination. Leafy spurge seeds do not germinate when incubated for 21 days at 20 degrees C constant temperatures, but nearly 30% germinate after 21 days under fluctuating temperatures 20:30 degrees C (16:8 h). Incubation at 20 degrees C for 21 days followed by 20:30 degrees C resulted

This is a case report of primary localized amyloidosis of the urinary bladder. The patient was a 73-year-old woman who had relapse of this disease three times. Primary localized amyloidosis of the urinary bladder is an especially rare disease and the prognosis is excellent in most cases. We performed transurethral resection of the bladder tumor (TUR-Bt) each time and we are following up this patient carefully. After the last TUR-Bt, she has had no recurrence for 7

Aging and sequential resistance exercise bout effects on housekeeping gene messenger RNA expression in human skeletal muscle.
The purpose of this study was to investigate how age and 1 week of conventional resistance exercise affects commonly used housekeeping gene (HKG) messenger RNAs (mRNAs) in skeletal muscle. Ten college-aged (18-25 years) and 10 older (60-76 years) men completed 3 lower-body resistance exercise bouts on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and muscle samples were obtained

Unprecedented advances in the natural sciences and in medical technology bring many moral issues unknown to previous generations. Very often in their medical practice physicians face problems in which the basic role is played by moral commitment. In this context, a set of qualitatively new questions emerges: Should we continue medical treatment when the patient asks that it be discontinued? Must we preserve the life of the irreversibly comatose patients? How to assess moral aspects of various forms of donating organs for transplants in evolving social-

Cimiracemosides I-P, new 9,19-cyclolanostane triterpene glycosides from Cimicifuga racemosa.
Eight new and 13 known triterpene glycosides, along with the known compounds glyceryl-1-palmitate and daucosterol-6'-linoleate were isolated from the roots/rhizomes of Cimicifuga racemosa. The new compounds, designated as cimiracemos

Leukocyte-reduced blood components in transfusion medicine. Current indications and prospects for the future.
Transfusion medicine is a rapidly evolving specialty, and efforts are ongoing to improve the safety and quality of blood component therapy. Leukocytes are known to be the cause of numerous adverse effects of transfusion therapy, and their removal from red cells and platelet components may be desirable in a variety of clinical settings. The various complications of transfusion that can be attributed to contaminating leukocytes and the benefits of leukocyte depletion are

[Therapy of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis and hypothyroidism].
Pathogenesis, diagnostic procedures and therapy of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis (AIT) and hypothyroidism (AIH) are briefly discussed. Diagnosis of AIT and AIT is based on the classical signs and symptoms of thyroid dysfunction, although oligosymptomatic cases may occur, and on laboratory tests such as TSH, fT4 und fT3. In

The focus of this paper is caries in populations. Caries is assessed as a phenomenon and as it occurs in populations. It is observed that in recent literature the notion of causation of caries is restricted to the biological process on the tooth surface. This may be sufficient to explain caries as a phenomenon, but it is argued that a biological causation is insufficient in order to understand caries and its variation in populations. The understanding of the determinants of a population's oral health has been seriously impeded by the absence of

The long-term patency rate of peripheral artery bypass grafts remains low. Several theories exist which attempt to explain the disease forming mechanisms at the disease prone distal junction of the bypass graft. Common to these theories is that abnormal hemodynamics and wall mechanics contribute to the development of disease at the junction. This study describes a means by which the hemodynamics in the end-to-side anastomosis can be altered by inserting a flow-split into the junction, the function of which is to divert the flow

This study examined the effectiveness of Public Law 110-181, "National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2008, Title XVI-Wounded Warriors Matter," as it relates to health care for returning Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom (OEF/OIF) combat veterans. Specifically, it examined the gap between the time an OEF/OIF combat service member left active service and subsequently obtained health care within the Veteran Affairs (VA) Healthcare System, and which factors influenced or

Advanced phosphorus removal for secondary effluent using a natural treatment system.
Mechanisms for low concentrations phosphorus removal in secondary effluent were studied, and a process was developed using limestone filters (LF), submerged macrophyte oxidation ponds (SMOPs) and a subsurface vertical flow wetland (SVFW). Pilot scale experimental models were applied in series to investigate the advanced purification of total phosphorus (TP) in secondary effluent at the Chengjiang sewage treatment plant. With a total hydraulic residence

Rethinking the area of protection "natural resources" in life cycle assessment.
Life cycle impact assessment (LCIA) in classical life cycle assessment (LCA) aims at analyzing potential impacts of products and services typically on three so-called areas of protection (AoPs): Natural Environment, Human Health, and Natural Resources. This paper proposes an elaboration of the AoP Natural Resources. It starts with analyzing different perspectives on Natural Resources as they are somehow sandwiched in between the Natural

The aim of the present study was to explore the role of variations with modest effects (previously identified by a large-scale meta-analysis in European populations) in the genetic background of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and diabetes-related traits in a Japanese population. We enrolled 2632 Japanese subjects with T2D and 2050 non-diabetic subjects. We analyzed nine single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), including rs340874 (PROX1), rs4607517 (

Thermodynamic and kinetic stability of penicillin acylase from Escherichia coli.
Thermal denaturation of penicillin acylase (PA) from Escherichia coli has been studied by high-sensitivity differential scanning calorimetry as a function of heating rate, pH and urea concentration. It is shown to be irreversible and kinetically controlled. Upon decrease in the heating rate from 2 to 0.1 K min(-1) the denaturation temperature of PA at pH 6.0 decreases by about 6 degrees C, while

Peripheral nerve field stimulation: is age an indicator of outcome?
Objective. This study aims to assess peripheral nerve field stimulation as a treatment option for chronic pain and test for indicators of outcome. Materials and Methods. We reviewed all patients permanently implanted with peripheral nerve field stimulators over the past 24 months. A questionnaire was used to assess outcomes. Results. Twenty-seven questionnaires were sent out and 23/27 responded. A significant average decrease of 4.02 visual analog scale points was observed.

A preliminary report on the use of FAMACHA for haemonchosis in goats in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa during the late autumn/early winter period.
From May to July 2005 a study was conducted on the prevalence and effects of haemonchosis in goats farmed on communal grazing belonging to resource-poor farmers at two study sites, namely Mlungisi (26 degrees 53'E, 31 degrees 53'S) and Ezibeleni (26 degrees 58'E

Morphological alterations in the freshwater rotifer Brachionus calyciflorus Pallas 1766 (Rotifera: Monogononta) caused by vinclozolin chronic exposure.
Vinclozolin (VZ) is a dicarboximide fungicide widely used on fruits, vegetables and wines, effective against fungi plagues. In this study we characterized the effects of VZ using a 4-day reproductive chronic assay with the freshwater rotifer Brach

Adsorption of binary mixtures onto activated carbon Norit R1 for the system nitrogen-methane-carbon dioxide was investigated over the pressure range up to 15 MPa. A new model is proposed to describe the experimental data. It is based on the assumption that an activated carbon can be characterized by the distribution function of elements of adsorption volume (EAV) over the solid-fluid potential. This function may be evaluated from pure component isotherms using the equality of the chemical potentials in the adsorbed

Bacteriological contamination, dirt, and cracks of eggshells in furnished cages and noncage systems for laying hens: an international on-farm comparison.
For laying hens, the effects of housing system on bacterial eggshell contamination and eggshell quality is almost exclusively studied in experimental hen houses. The aim of this study was to compare eggshell hygiene and quality under commercial conditions. Six flocks of laying hens in furnished cages and 7 flocks in noncage systems were visited when hens

Characterization of plasma polymerized C, H, and O containing compounds by MALDI mass spectrometry.
Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) mass spectrometry is used for the first time to characterize radio frequency plasma-deposited polymers and for investigation of the plasma polymerization process. The MALDI mass spectra of the plasma polymers of allyl alcohol, di(ethylene glycol) vinyl ether and ethylene glycol butyl vinyl ether are all reported using solvent-based MALDI sample preparation

Induction of phenotypic lymphocyte differentiation in LPS unresponsive mice by an LPS-induced serum factor and by lipid A-associated protein.
Spleen cells from C3H/HeJ mice are known to be unresponsive to mitogenic stimulation by LPS. We show here that T and B cell precursors of C3H/HeJ mice are unresponsive to induction of differentiation by LPS. Phenotypic differentiation of C3H/HeJ lymphocytes can be induced with DB-cAMP, Lip

Nanomedicine-based combination anticancer therapy between nucleic acids and small-molecular drugs.
Anticancer therapy has always been a vital challenge for the development of nanomedicine. Repeated single therapeutic agent may lead to undesirable and severe side effects, unbearable toxicity and multidrug resistance due to complex nature of tumor. Nanomedicine-based combination anticancer therapy can synergistically improve antitumor outcomes through multiple-target therapy, decreasing the dose of each therapeutic agent and reducing side effects. There are versatile

Long considered merely a trophic and mechanical support to neurons, astrocytes have progressively taken the center stage as their ability to react to acute and chronic neurodegenerative situations became increasingly clear. Reactive astrogliosis starts when trigger molecules produced at the injury site drive astrocytes to leave their quiescent state and become activated. Distinctive morphological and biochemical features characterize this process (cell hypertrophy, upregulation of intermediate filaments, and increased cell proliferation). Moreover, reactive astrocytes migrate towards the injured area to constitute the glial scar,

We develop a star-network of connections between a central city and peripheral villages and analyze the epidemic dynamics of a vector-borne disease as influenced by daily commuters. We obtain an analytical solution for the global basic reproductive number R0 and investigate its dependence on key parameters for disease control. We find that in a star-network topology the central hub is not always the best place to focus disease intervention strategies. Disease control decisions are sensitive to the number of commuters from villages to the city as well as

Cancer-associated stroma affects FDG uptake in experimental carcinomas. Implications for FDG-PET delineation of radiotherapy target.
To analyse the influence of cancer-associated stroma on FDG-uptake in two carcinoma models characterized by different stromal degrees. Eight nude mice were subcutaneously injected with DU-145 prostate cancer cells or BXPC-3 pancreatic cancer cells, and underwent FDG-PET imaging about 2 weeks after implantation. After the mice were killed, histology, and

Antimicrobial agents are among the most frequently prescribed therapeutics in the supportive care of children and adolescents with cancer or following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Most of these agents are cleared from the body by elimination of unchanged drug by the kidney and/or metabolism by the liver. Impaired renal and hepatic function may have profound effects on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of antimicrobial agents, necessitating modification of the dosage regimen in order to avoid toxicity through accumulation of the parent and/or its metabolites. Key to minimize

[Assessment of psychomotor development of Spanish children up to 3 years of age conceived by assisted reproductive techniques: Prospective matched cohort study].
More than five million children have been conceived by assisted reproductive techniques (ART) around the world. Most authors agree that there are no differences in psychomotor development in comparison to naturally conceived children. However, these results are still contradictory. To determine whether children born from a cohort of ART-clinical gestations have a higher risk of suffering neurodevelopmental

Glycerol excretion by symbiotic algae from corals and tridacna and its control by the host.
Zooxanthellae isolated from reef corals and Tridacna crocea incorporate labeled carbon dioxide photosynthetically. In the presence of some component of the host tissue, up to 40 percent of the labeled algal photosynthate is liberated primarily as glycerol. Excretion of glycerol by the algae in situ and its control and utilization by the host may

This study reported the analysis of KIT ligand (KITLG) gene polymorphisms in 681 goats of three breeds: Xinong Saanen (SN), Guanzhong (GZ), and Boer (BG). In addition, the study identified three allelic variants: g.769T>C and g.817G>T in SN and GZ breeds, and g.9760G>C in the three goat breeds. The g.769T>C

A new family of insect muscarinic acetylcholine receptors.
Most currently used insecticides are neurotoxic chemicals that target a limited number of sites and insect cholinergic neurotransmission is the major target. A potential target for insecticide development is the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor (mAChR), which is a metabotropic G-protein-coupled receptor. Insects have A- and B-type mAChRs and the five mammalian mAChRs are close to the A-

This work reports Mössbauer and DFT studies of the diiron-N2 complex LMeFeNNFeLMe (L = beta-diketiminate), 1a. Complex 1a, formally diiron(I), has a system spin S = 3 with an isolated MS = +/-3 quasi-doublet as a ground state; the MS = +/-2 doublet is >100 cm-1 higher in energy. Complex 1a exhibits at 4.2 K a

Workload and job satisfaction among general practitioners: a review of the literature.
The workload of general practitioners (GPs) is an important issue in health care systems with capitation payment for GPs services. This article reviews the literature on determinants and consequences of workload and job satisfaction of GPs. Determinants of workload are located on the demand side (list size and composition of the patient population) and the supply side (organization of the practice and personal characteristics of the GP). The effects of workload and

In similar experiments conducted in 1996 and 2009, yellow perch (Perca flavescens) were stocked into two experimental systems: a demonstration lake where oil sands fine tailings were capped with natural water and a lake in a watershed containing bitumen-bearing sodic clays. In both experiments, yellow perch were captured in May from a nearby reservoir and released into the experimental ponds. Perch were recaptured in the experimental systems, the source lake, and two reference lakes in

Comparison of content in phenolic compounds, polyphenol oxidase, and peroxidase in grains of fifty sorghum varieties from burkina faso.
Analysis of fifty sorghum [Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench] varieties used in Burkina Faso showed that they have different contents of phenolic compounds, peroxidase (POX), and polyphenol oxidase (PPO). Most of the varieties (82%) had a tannin content less than 0.25% (

Risk factors for the development of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) in the intensive care unit (ICU) include positive fluid balance, high tidal volumes (TVs), high airway pressures, and transfusion of blood products. However, research examining intraoperative factors such as fluid resuscitation, mechanical ventilation strategies, and blood administration on the postoperative development of ARDS is lacking. We assessed patients admitted to the ICU with postoperative hypoxemic respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation for the development of ARDS in the first 7 postoperative

Sucralfate in Helicobacter pylori eradication strategies.
Sucralfate monotherapy has been shown to suppress but not eradicate Helicobacter pylori. The combination of sucralfate with antibiotic(s) has been evaluated recently in the treatment of H. pylori-positive duodenal ulcer. The aim of this article is to review the efficacy of sucralfate-containing duotherapy and triple therapy in duodenal ulcer healing and H. pylori eradication rates.

The purpose of the present study was to analyze the morphology of the sella turcica in children born with myelomeningocele. Profile radiographs from 16 children (nine females and seven males) born with myelomeningocele were analysed. The contour of the anterior wall of the sella turcica in myelomeningocele patients, instead of following the normal cranio-caudal direction, was always in an obliquely antero-posterior direction. The

Lymphokine-activated killer cell activity in patients with primary and metastatic malignant liver tumors.
Lymphokine-activated killer cells were generated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of 33 patients with liver tumors (benign, 6; primary malignant, 10; metastatic, 17) and 10 healthy individuals. Although peripheral blood mononuclear cell yield was significantly lower (p less than 0.01) in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma or with metastatic colorectal cancer, natural killer activity in the peripheral blood mononuclear cell fraction was

Human hereditary hepatic porphyrias.
The human hereditary hepatic porphyrias are diseases due to marked deficiencies of enzymes in the heme biosynthetic pathway. Porphyrias can be classified as either hepatic or erythroid, depending on the major production site of porphyrins or their precursors. The pathogenesis of inherited hepatic porphyrias has now been defined at the molecular level. Some gene carriers are vulnerable to a range of exogenous and endogenous factors, which may trigger neuropsychiatric and/

Early activation of c-Jun N-terminal kinase and p38 kinase regulate cell survival in response to tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Fas ligand and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF) bind to members of the TNF receptor superfamily. Stimulation by Fas ligand results in apoptosis, whereas TNF induces multiple effects including proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis. Activation of the c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 kinase pathways is common to Fas and TNF signaling; however, their role

On the first of June, 1996 an environmental accident occurred in Schönebeck, Germany in which free vinyl chloride was evaporated into the atmosphere. Thereby, the human population living in this area was exposed to vinyl chloride and its byproducts. Chromosomal aberrations were measured in peripheral blood lymphocytes from 29 potentially exposed and 29 non-exposed (control) individuals. Both groups were matched regarding age, gender and smoking habits. Two hundred metaphases were analysed for chromosomal aberrations per each individual.

Diets high in fruit and vegetable consumption are associated with a decrease in chronic diseases. Dietary factors are linked to 4 of the 10 leading noncommunicable causes of death: cardiovascular disease, some cancers, stroke, and type 2 diabetes. Accurately measuring dietary patterns has many challenges. Dietary intake measurement has traditionally relied on self-report instruments such as 24-hour recall, food record, and food frequency questionnaires to record consumption history. These methods have inherent limitations in detecting small but important changes

A Tipping Point for Measurement-Based Care.
Measurement-based care involves the systematic administration of symptom rating scales and use of the results to drive clinical decision making at the level of the individual patient. This literature review examined the theoretical and empirical support for measurement-based care. Articles were identified through search strategies in PubMed and Google Scholar. Additional citations in the references of retrieved articles were identified, and experts assembled for a focus group conducted by the Kennedy Forum were consulted. Fifty-one relevant articles

This study examined a number of variables which influence radio-immunoassay measurements of prostaglandins in plasma. Comparative assays in specimens obtained from normal subjects and processed by different methods demonstrated that prostaglandin measurements were uniformly lower when blood was anticoagulated with EDTA, aspirin or indomethacin was added to inhibit further synthesis or prostaglandins in vitro, samples were centrifuged at 4 degrees C at speeds which removed platelets from the sample, and assays were performed when plasma was thawed for the first time. Examination

Bacteremia due to Mycobacterium abscessus, a rapid grower, belonging to the Runyon group IV, occurred in an inpatient with fever of unidentified origin in Shinshu University Hospital. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first documented case of M. abscessus bacteremia in Japan. The organism initially grew on Sheep blood agar plates after terminal-subculturing from the BacT/Alert SA aerobic blood culture bottles with no positive signal, and was subsequently

It is known affective disorders are changing the perception of time. The study of time perception in patients with affective disorders enables researchers to make early diagnostic criteria for these conditions, as well as to shed light on possible mechanisms for the development of affective disorders. 20 patients with bipolar affective disorder type II in accordance with the DSM-5 criteria (10 patients with a predominance of anxiety and 10 patients with a predominance of psychomotor retardation) and 10 healthy subjects were recruited to the study. Test for measuring

Nursing is a profession that has always been accompanied with common ethical concerns. There are some evidences which indicate that narrative writing on traumatic experiences may improve an individual's emotional health. This study aimed to determine the effectiveness of narrative writing on moral distress of nurses working in intensive care unit. This study was a clinical trial with pre- and post-test design. The frequency and intensity of moral distress was measured by a valid and reliable questionnaire (Corely) at baseline and after 8 weeks. The

Three-dimensional mapping of fluorescent nanoparticles was performed by using incoherent digital holography. The positions of the nanoparticles were quantitatively determined by using Gaussian fitting of the axial- and lateral-diffraction distributions through position calibration from the observation space to the sample space. It was found that the axial magnification was constant whereas the lateral magnification linearly depended on the axial position of the fluorescent nanoparticles. The mapping of multiple fluorescent nanoparticles fixed in gelatin and a single fluorescent nanoparticle manipulated with optical tweezers in water were demonstrated

RP-30A is a radioactive tracer being evaluated for the detection of regional myocardial blood flow. This study compares RP-30A to technetium 99m pertechnetate as radioactive tracers for the detection of testicular blood flow changes in early testicular torsion. The left testis of adult male Sprague-Dawley rats was subjected to either thirty or sixty minutes of 720 degrees torsion. Injections of RP-30A or 99mTc-pertechnetate followed by sacrifice and scintillation

Consequences to water suppliers of collecting rainwater on housing estates.
The collection, storage and use of rainwater from roofs reduce the need for potable water. However, if water suppliers are to decrease their infrastructure costs as well as their operational costs (due to water savings), the rainwater system has to provide most of the time a significant percentage of the water demand. This paper adopts the viewpoint of the water suppliers and investigates how reliable this source of water is in the case of a housing

The reversible, ultrafast, and multistimuli responsive phase transition of vanadium dioxide (VO2 ) makes it an intriguing "smart" material. Its crystallographic transition from the monoclinic to tetragonal phases can be triggered by diverse stimuli including optical, thermal, electrical, electrochemical, mechanical, or magnetic perturbations. Consequently, the development of high-performance smart devices based on VO2 grows rapidly. This review systematically summarizes VO2 -based emerging technologies by classifying different stimuli (inputs)

Phase III trial of cyclophosphamide versus cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and methotrexate in hormone-refractory prostatic cancer. A Hoosier Oncology Group study.
Between August 1984 and November 1989, the Hoosier Oncology Group conducted a Phase III study comparing cyclophosphamide (CTX) with cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and methotrexate (CAM) in patients with hormone-refractory metastatic prostatic cancer to determine whether the addition of doxorubicin and

PMMA-based bioactive cement: effect of glass bead filler content and histological change with time.
A new bioactive bone cement (designated GBC), which is a polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA)-based composite consisting of bioactive glass beads as an inorganic filler and high molecular-weight PMMA as an organic matrix, has been developed. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effect of the filler content on the mechanical properties and osteoconductivity of GBC, to decide the

The additional lateralizing and localizing value of the postictal EEG in frontal lobe epilepsy.
The aim of this study was to describe the additional lateralizing and localizing value of the postictal EEG in frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE). The ictal EEG in FLE is frequently challenging to localize. We identified patients investigated for epilepsy surgery with unilateral FLE based on consistent semiology, a clear lesion and/or with frontal onset on intracranial EEG. A one hour section of

Gaining perspective on the allergenicity assessment of genetically modified food crops.
Genetically modified plants are created by the insertion of foreign genes into plant cells followed by the generation of reproductively stable stock plants for rapid and precise improvements in agricultural crops. Current products provide resistance to insect pests, plant viruses or herbicides. Future products include nutritionally enhanced crops, salt and draught tolerant crops and plant produced industrial enzymes or pharmaceuticals. The risk that a newly expressed protein might cause serious allergic

Formulation of light focusing through a plano-convex spherical lens in wave optics.
Focusing of an incident light wave through a plano-convex spherical lens is discussed by calculating the light intensity distribution on the lens's optical axis after the incident wave is multiply scattered inside the lens. It is found that the size and location of the region into which the incident wave is focused are determined by two conditions. It is also found that it is possible for the wave to be focused into two such regions

Effect of different doses of zoledronic acid in establishing of bisphosphonate-related osteonecrosis.
To establish osteonecrosis of the jaws in rats treated with different doses of zoledronic acid (ZA). Male Wistar rats (n=6-7) received three consecutive weekly intravenous ZA infusions at doses of 0.04, 0.20 or 1.00mg/kg ZA or saline (control). Four weeks after the last administration, the

We prepared and isolated a phenalenyl-based neutral hydrocarbon (1 b) with a biradical index of 14%, as well as its charge-transfer (CT) complex 1 b-F(4)-TCNQ. The crystal structure and the small HOMO-LUMO gap assessed by electrochemical and optical methods support the singlet-biradical contribution to the ground state of the neutral 1 b. This biradical character suggests that 1 b has the electronic structure of

The use of electrospray ionization (ESI)-ion-trap mass spectrometry (ITMS) for analysis of zwitterionic, glycolipid-derived sugar cores of glycosphingolipids is described. The capability of the method to perform multiple steps of fragmentation (MS(n)) allows structural characterization of these compounds. No derivatization of the released oligosaccharides is necessary when using nano-ESI with sample solution flow rates of about 30 nL/min. Investigations of positive

Effect of magnetic resonance myelography on the target volume in craniospinal irradiation in children.
To examine the potential role of magnetic resonance myelography (MRM) in defining the clinical target volume for the spinal field in craniospinal irradiation in children. Of the 42 patients for whom magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the spine was carried out, 12 patients had MRM. The width of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) with any lateral extension at different levels was measured from the coronal

Transformation of inorganic and organic arsenic by Alkaliphilus oremlandii sp. nov. strain OhILAs.
Alkaliphilus oremlandii sp. nov. strain OhILAs is a mesophilic, spore-forming, motile, low mole%GC gram positive. It was enriched from Ohio River sediments on a basal medium with 20 mM lactate and 5 mM arsenate and isolated through passage on medium with increased arsenic concentration (10 and 20 mM), t

GATA2 is required for the generation of V2 interneurons.
During embryogenesis, transcription factor GATA2 is expressed in a variety of distinct cell types, and earlier experiments showed that GATA2 is a vital regulator of both hematopoiesis and urogenital development. Despite the fact that GATA2 is expressed early and abundantly in the nervous system, there has been no demonstration of its direct participation in neurogenesis. We show here that GATA2 is expressed in

The detection of penicillin insensitivity in Neisseria meningitidis by polymerase chain reaction.
Strains of penicillin-sensitive and -insensitive Neisseria meningitidis were examined using a range of polymerase chain reaction (PCR) primers directed at the meningococcal penicillin-binding protein 2 gene. DNA from isolates whose penicillin MIC was <0.2 mg/L yielded a product of the expected size with all the primers, but many amplification patterns were seen with DNA from isolates whose MIC was above

The prevalence of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) is steadily increasing among American children. The dental needs of these patients are significant. This study evaluated the oral health of forty children being treated for HIV-infection at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Eight of twenty-two patients in primary dentition (36 percent) had baby bottle tooth decay (BBTD). These cases required extensive dental restoration usually under general anesthesia. Tooth development was delayed in 31 percent of patients. Candidiasis was the

Clinical pathologic conference. Purulent pericarditis with asymmetric cardiac tamponade: a cause of death months after coronary artery bypass surgery.
This relatively young man with a host of medical problems including polycystic kidneys. chronic renal failure, long-standing hypertension, and premature atherosclerosis, died of cardiovascular disease; not, as might be expected, from his severe coronary artery disease but rather from purulent pericarditis. The latter was an unusual and unexpected consequence of the entire complex of his illnesses and

The processing of a unique 8-oxoguanine residue in DNA has been studied in mammalian cells using a single-stranded shuttle vector. A fragment of human Ha-ras carrying the lesion on the first (G1) or the second guanine (G2) of codon 12 was inserted in a shuttle plasmid. Extrachromosomal DNA is replicated in animal cells, extracted and used to transform bacteria to be amplified and individualized. DNA sequencing of bacterial clones showed the mutagenic potency of 8

Medical characteristics and tuberculosis treatment outcomes in an urban tertiary hospital, Thailand.
The purpose of this study was to describe medical characteristics and assess treatment outcomes at a respiratory clinic, tertiary hospital, Bangkok, Thailand. One hundred seventy-seven patients diagnosed as having any type of TB and having taken anti-TB drugs for one month were included in the study. The patients were interviewed the end of the first month and their medical files were reviewed at the end of treatment to obtained the treatment outcome. Descriptive statistics

Pelvic lymphadenectomy is generally performed to treat early-stage cervical cancer, and pelvic ± para-aortic lymphadenectomy is performed in patients with endometrial cancer confined to the uterus. However, systematic lymphadenectomy is frequently associated with sequelae including lymphocele, lymphedema and cellulitis. The sentinel lymph node concept has been recently applied in the management of patients with gynecological cancer, with the goal of avoiding systematic lymphadenectomy and its associated postoperative complications

Endospore-forming bacteria, Paenibacillus spp., have recently been isolated in association with insect pathogenic nematodes Heterorhabditis spp. Sporangia adhere to nematode infective juveniles (J3) and are carried with them into insects. Paenibacillus proliferates in the killed insect along with Heterorhabditis and its obligate bacterial symbiont, Photorhabdus, despite the antibiotic production of the latter. Nematode infect

Three types of virus particles have been recovered from the culture medium of human foreskin fibroblasts infected with human strains of cytomegalovirus (HCMV). Two of these, virions and dense bodies, are routinely observed and have been described by others. The third, produced in lesser amounts, has not been previously characterized. This particle, separable from virions by rate-velocity sedimentation, is morphologically distinguished from them only by core structure. Radiolabeling and biological assays have established that these

Characterization of transcriptional activity of taurine transporter using luciferase reporter constructs.
Although taurine transporter (TAUT) activity has been known to be regulated by diverse intracellular and extracellular factors involved in the signal transduction pathway, such as protein kinase C, intracellular Ca concentration, and glucocorticoids, little is known concerning the underlying mechanisms. Evidence suggests that such stimulation-mediated changes in TAUT activity in mammalian cells are partly achieved through the modulation of TAUT transcription activity. In order to better understand the

Vibratory patterns of normal and microscopically operated larynges. Observation of lower surface of vocal fold in dogs.
The authors investigated the effect of microsurgical intervention involving the canine larynx on vocal fold vibration. In normal cases both lower lips and free edges vibrated symmetrically. The lower lip coincided with the free edge and collided with that of the other side at the midline. Immediately after the collision, the lower lip rapidly retracted laterally at the beginning of a

This article discusses the controversial use of restraints with a persistently violent adolescent on a child and adolescent psychiatry unit. The authors present an individualized program that used a series of ambulatory restraints on a long-term basis and prophylactically to contain the aggression of a psychotic girl. Clozapine was used concomitantly to control her psychosis. The prophylactic use of mechanical restraints allowed this teenager to be integrated into the milieu and to receive multiple treatments that the standard protocol precluded. This case underscores the difficulties

2-Aminoacridone (2-AMAC) has been used to derivatize mixtures of N-linked oligosaccharides released from alpha(1)-acid glycoprotein and immunoglobulin G. In each case, the HPLC profile obtained for the derivatized glycans was compared to that obtained after digestion with sialidase and a two-enzyme array system made up of sialidase and alpha-fucosidase, prior to derivatization by 2-AMAC. These studies are rapid and

Effects of centrally administered pentazocine and ethylketocyclazocine on thermoregulation in the cat.
The mechanisms for the biphasic response of unrestrained cats to centrally administered pentazocine were examined by injecting 1 mg pentazocine into the third cerebral ventricle at various ambient temperatures (TaS). The initial phase was hyperthermia at Ta = 34 degrees C, but at Ta = 22 degrees C hypothermia, which was enhanced at Ta = 0

Chloroplast DNA (cpDNA) of Humulus Lupulus and H. japonicus was examined by restriction endonuclease analysis with BamHI, BanI, BclI, BstEII, DraI, EcoRI, EcoRV, HindIII, KpnI, PaeR7I, PstI, PvuII, SalI and XhoI. The restriction fragment patterns showed that the cpDNAs shared a large number of restriction sites.

After immunization with native type II collagen (CII), susceptible strains of mice (H-2q) develop a polyarthritis that mimics rheumatoid arthritis. Although the underlying mechanisms are still undefined, T cells and particularly CD4+ lymphocytes seem to play a crucial role in the initiation of collagen-induced arthritis. To investigate whether CD8+ cells may participate in the pathogenesis of the disease, we have generated lines and clones of cytotoxic T cell hybridomas reactive to CII by fusion of lymph node and

Wafer-Scale Microwire Transistor Array Fabricated via Evaporative Assembly.
One-dimensional (1D) nano/microwires have attracted significant attention as promising building blocks for various electronic and optical device applications. The integration of these elements into functional device networks with controlled alignment and density presents a significant challenge for practical device applications. Here, we demonstrated the fabrication of wafer-scale microwire field-effect transistor (FET) arrays based on well-aligned inorganic semiconductor mic

Rest tremor may occur in as many as 30% of essential tremor (ET) patients. It is not clear whether this tremor is a sentinel marker for brainstem Lewy body pathology. Here we report the clinical and post-mortem findings of nine ET cases with upper-extremity rest tremor in the absence of other parkinsonian features. All brains had a complete neuropathological assessment. Tissue sections from the brainstem and basal ganglia were immunostained with α-synucle

Ion transport through a water-organic solvent liquid-liquid interface: a simulation study.
Ion interactions and partitioning at the water-organic solvent interface and the solvation characteristics have been characterized by molecular dynamics simulations. More precisely, we study sodium cation transport through water-cyclohexane, water-1,2-dichloroethane, and water-pentanol interfaces, providing a systematic characterization of the ion interfacial behavior including barriers against entering the organic phase as well as characterization

An apnea monitor using a rapid-response hygrometer.
The aim of this study was to detect cyclic changes in the relative humidity (RH) occurring with spontaneous respiration using a rapid-response hygrometer, and to evaluate its potential applicability as an apnea monitor in nonintubated subjects. Respiratory monitoring using a rapid-response hygrometer was performed in spontaneously breathing, nonintubated subjects. Changes in RH during spontaneous breathing were measured in adult volunteers,

Amyloid beta-peptides is the generic term for a set of hydrophobic peptides that accumulate in Alzheimer's disease (AD)-affected brains. These amyloid-beta peptide fragments are mainly generated by an enzymatic machinery referred to as gamma-secretase complex that is built up by the association of four distinct proteins, namely presenilin 1 (PS1) or PS2, nicastrin, Aph-1 and Pen-2. AD is also characterized by exacerbated cell death that appears linked to

Musculoskeletal system in children and adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease: normal muscle force, decreased trabecular bone mineral density and low prevalence of vertebral fractures.
Low bone mineral density (BMD) and an increased fracture incidence are two extraintestinal complications associated with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). We aimed to evaluate musculoskeletal traits and assess vertebral fracture (VF) rate in children and adolescents with IBD. Seventy patients with IBD with a median age of 13.8 years were included. The BMD and

Role of thiols in the presentation of a snake toxin to murine T cells.
We isolated and characterized two T hybridomas specific for a highly stable snake toxic protein. One hybridoma, called T1C9, is I-E(d)-restricted and stimulated by both the native and reduced and carboxymethylated (RCM) toxins and by synthetic fragments containing the region 24-36. The other hybridoma, called T1B2, is I-A(d)-restricted

The Committee on the Standardization of Diabetes Mellitus-Related Laboratory Testing of the Japan Diabetes Society (JSD) released "International clinical harmonization of hemoglobin A1c in Japan: From JDS to NGSP values". In the document, the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare, related academic societies, manufacturers and others, and the council meeting of JDS finally decided to use NGSP values in clinical practice from April 1, 2012. They also decided to use the JDS value

Identifying family violence: a community prototype incorporating Native Hawaiian values and practices.
The manual, Identifying Family Violence: A Community Prototype Incorporating Native Hawaiian Values and Practices is a pioneering effort which health care professionals can adapt, expand, or refine in their work with Hawaiians and non-Hawaiians as well. Our assumption is that a culturally integrated approach is a necessary component of a community's strategy to address this escalating problem. Family violence is a virus which threatens all of

Exploration of magnetic fluctuations in PdFe films.
We investigated magnetic phase transitions, magnetic anisotropy, and magnetic domains in Pd1-xFex alloys with different Fe concentrations x = 2.2-7.2%. The Curie temperature depends linearly on the Fe concentration in the regime studied. The magnetization is dominantly in-plane with a small out-of-plane remanent contribution. Resonant magnetic small angle scattering with circularly polarized x-rays tuned to the L3 resonance edge

On the mechanism of relaxin action: the involvement of adenylyl cyclase signalling system.
The molecular mechanism of relaxin action was studied taking into account the evolutionary relationship of the peptides belonging to the insulin superfamily and using the authors' previous data on the involvement of the adenylyl cyclase (AC) signalling system in the action of insulin and related peptides. Human relaxin 2 (10(-12)-10(-8) M) has been shown to cause a dose-

To develop an international consensus on the definition of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) in the pediatric population. Using the Delphi process, a set of statements was developed and voted on by an international panel of eight pediatric gastroenterologists. Statements were based on systematic literature searches using Medline, EMBASE, and CINAHL. Voting was conducted using a six-point scale, with consensus defined, a priori, as agreed by 75% of the group. The strength of

Evaluation of the rotary drum reactor process as pretreatment technology of municipal solid waste for thermophilic anaerobic digestion and biogas production.
Municipal solid waste (MSW) contains a large fraction of biodegradable organic materials. When disposed in landfills, these materials can cause adverse environmental impact due to gaseous emissions and leachate generation. This study was performed with an aim of effectively separating the biodegradable materials from a Mechanical Biological Treatment (MBT) facility and treating them in well-controlled anaerobic

Comparative genomic hybridization analysis of clear cell sarcoma of the kidney.
Clear cell sarcoma of the kidney (CCSK) is a rare malignant pediatric tumor, distinguished from the Wilms tumor by its characteristic histologic features and a more aggressive clinical behavior with a tendency to metastasize to bone. Genetic studies on CCSK are limited and no consistent findings have been reported. We examined four cases of CCSK for presence of consistent genetic alterations using comparative genomic hybridization (CGH). This is the first

L.I.F.E. and D.E.A.T.H.
In this short, rhetorical article, I offer a thought experiment that seeks to make an analogy between 'life' and 'disease'. This article was written whilst under the influence of Nietzsche, and I hope that readers will not mistake the polemical style and the occasional nod towards humour for flippancy. This is a serious subject, and this article attempts to ask, inexplicitly,

Cementum regeneration is an important and challenging stage in periodontal tissue engineering and regeneration. Pathosis of the periodontium, including cementum, is important in precision diagnosis and obstinate treatment of systemic diseases, such as diabetes, leukemia, and Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. Here, we found that during periodontium development, transcription factor 7-like 2 (Tcf7l2) was widely expressed in the periodontium and dental sac. In mouse cementoblast cell line (

The purpose of this study is to evaluate the interocclusal appliance efficiency in patients with temporomandibular disorder (TMD), by using computerized electromyographic (EMG) evaluation in the rest position of the mandible. Twenty-two patients (male and female) with TMD symptoms, between 18 and 53 years of age, were examined. EMG evaluations were performed before the treatment and during the 90th, 120th and 150th day of using the interocclusal appliance

Atypical Spitz Tumors: A Diagnostic Challenge.
Spitzoid melanocytic lesions encompass a spectrum from benign Spitz nevi to malignant spitzoid melanomas. Spitzoid melanocytic neoplasms have significant morphologic and molecular differences from conventional melanocytic lesions, and prediction of biologic behavior and metastatic risk may be difficult. Most challenging is the atypical Spitz tumor, a borderline spitzoid melanocytic lesion of uncertain malignant potential that has overlapping histologic features with conventional Spitz nev

One-group, pretest-postest experimental research with repeated measures. To determine the effect of head postural modification on the flexor carpi radialis H-reflex in healthy subjects. H-reflex testing has been reported to be useful in evaluating and treating patients with lumbosacral and cervical radiculopathy. The idea behind this technique is that postural modification can cause further H-reflex inhibition, indicating more compression of the impinged nerve root, or recovery

This study investigated qualitative differences in poor readers relative to normally achieving readers of the same reading level. Thirty-eight 9-year-old poor readers and forty 7- and 8-year-old reading-age-matched normally achieving readers from the United Kingdom were matched in phonemic processing and then given tests of memory span and visual discrimination of letter-like characters, were required to read different word types (regular, exception, and pseudoword), and were asked to complete a homophonic pseud

In the present study three cDNA fragments were cloned using degenerate primers for Mn-sod genes and PCR: two showed a high degree of identity with Mn-sods from plants and the third with Fe-sod. Arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) symbiosis down-regulated their expression pattern under well-watered conditions. In contrast, AM symbiosis in combination with drought stress considerably increased the expression of the Mn-sod II gene and this correlated well with plant

Analyzing protein distribution in plant tissues using "whole-mount" immunolocalization.
Proteins are distributed in different cellular compartments. Our group studies the role of non-coding RNAs and associated RNPs in the development and stress response in legumes. Ribonucleoproteins (RNPs) are RNA-protein complexes that play different roles in many cellular processes. Long and small non-coding RNAs determine the specificity of action of several RNPs as the RNA Induced Silencing Complex (RISC

Pentastomiasis.
Pentastomiasis is a parasitic zoonosis caused by pentastomes, members of an unusual phylum--Pentastomida--with characteristics of both arthropods and annelids. Adult pentastomes parasitize the respiratory tracts of reptiles or carnivorous mammals. The infection is generally limited to the tropics and subtropics, but ocular involvement has been reported in the southern United States. The majority of human pentastomi

Dynamic strength of the silicon-carbon bond observed over three decades of force-loading rates.
The mechanical strength of individual Si-C bonds was determined as a function of the applied force-loading rate by dynamic single-molecule force spectroscopy, using an atomic force microscope. The applied force-loading rates ranged from 0.5 to 267 nN/s, spanning 3 orders of magnitude. As predicted by Arrhenius kinetics models, a logarithmic increase of the bond rupture force with increasing force

The recent release of Pokémon Go has ushered in a new set of challenges for parents and pediatricians, highlighting the importance of parents setting guidelines for video game use with their children. Within 1 week of its launch, the game attracted over 65 million users, many of whom are young children. Despite the potential benefits of the game described in our article, this location-based game format poses specific threats to the safety and physical wellbeing of children. Reports have discussed both the benefits and adverse effects of this extremely

[A two-step approach for modeling tree mortality in Larix olgensis plantation based on effects of thinning].
Ten permanent plots of Larix olgensis plantation were established in 1972 and 1974 at Jiangshanjiao and Mengjiagang forest farms in Heilongjiang Province, respectively. The plots including 8 thinning plots and 2 control plots were measured annually. The effects of thinning on the probability of plot mortality and individual tree mortality were analyzed. Based on the

The compressible silicone rubber prosthesis in temporomandibular joint disease.
An alternative technique for temporomandibular joint arthroplasty is described, in which the mandibular condyle is replaced by a soft compressible silicone rubber prosthesis. A modified Nicolle-Calnan metacarpo-phalangeal joint prosthesis was used to reconstruct 31 joints in 24 patients. Results suggest that in those patients where there has been no loss of the prosthesis, function continues to be markedly improved when compared with the pre

Treatment and relapse prophylaxis of duodenal ulcer with pirenzepine and cimetidine.
The effect of pirenzepine and cimetidine on healing, symptoms and relapse rate of duodenal ulcer was studied in a placebo-controlled double-blind trial. Cimetidine (1 g daily) was superior at the beginning of therapy to a low dose of pirenzepine (75 mg daily) and placebo with regard to symptoms. No significant differences in ulcer healing were found

Thymidine phosphorylase expression in endometrial carcinomas.
Thymidine phosphorylase (TP) is a potent angiogenic molecule shown to induce endothelial cell migration and proliferation. We investigated the expression of TP in a series of 156 endometrial carcinomas, using immunohistochemical methods. Histopathological parameters of known prognostic significance and the molecular factors of p53, bcl-2 and angiogenesis were also assessed. Thymidine phosphorylase was expressed in cancer cells, stromal fibroblasts and myometrial cells. The

