To obtain a satisfactory range from a projectile it is necessary to stabilize its orientation to prevent excessive yaw or pitch. While judicious design of the center of gravity or the inclusion of fins may provide an aerodynamic moment which assures stability, a large class of projectiles rely on spin stabilization. Through the use of rifling, a launched projectile is spun about its longitudinal axis so that it exhibits the wellknown gyroscopic effect. To ensure that a projectile is gyroscopically stabilized its spin rate must exceed a minimum which is determined by factors such as its mass distribution.
A specific cannon or gun having standard rifling does not have the ability to adjust the spin rate or the stability of various projectiles. In order to vary the spin rate a known barrel employed two interlaced riflings having differing twist rates. A projectile having engravings matching the appropriate one of the riflings is manually inserted therein. This approach however, does not allow continuous adjustment of spin rate and does not affect projectile stabilizing characteristics such as its mass distribution. In a known projectile, a slipping obturator is used to reduce the spin rate. This apparatus is exposed to high stress and does not provide for adjustment of stabilizing factors such as the mass distribution of the projectile. In a known launcher, its barrel is spun at a rate appropriate for the projectile being fired. While the spin rate can be adjusted in this apparatus, the highest rate attainable is limited and wear is a problem.
The present invention provides a projectile whose flight stability is controlled by a fluid disposed in a cavity of the projectile. The cavity is arranged to allow shifting of the fluid. The resulting mass redistribution can affect flight stability by altering the moment of inertia or the center of gravity as the projectile is trajected. Such mass redistribution can be utilized to increase or decrease the flight stability, in various embodiments. Also, prior to launch the flight stability can be set by the simple expedient of selecting a specific volume or density of fluid. The setting of stability in this fashion may be performed in the factory or in the field. This latter feature is also useful where a standard shell is to be fitted with any one of variously shaped explosives of differing densities.
In addition, for some embodiments the fluid employed may be a liquid explosive so that dead weight is avoided.
Moreover this shifting of fluid may be arranged to facilitate high angular acceleration during launch, thereby ensuring rapic attainment of the rated spin rate. In some embodiments the fluid shift may occur

FIG. 2 of the accompanying drawings illustrates a conventional light scanning device of the type described. A light beam emitted from a light source 1 is focused as a linear image near a reflecting surface 4 of a rotating polygon mirror 3 by a first focusing optical system 2. The light beam reflected by the rotating polygon mirror 3 is deflected at a constant angular velocity upon rotation of the rotating polygon mirror 3. The deflected light beam is then focused as a beam spot on a surface 7 by a second focusing optical system comprising lenses 5, 6 for scanning the surface 7.
The light scanning device employing a rotating multi-faceted polygon, however, suffers from the problem of a facet error. That is, the mirror facets of the polygon may not lie parallel to the axis of rotation of the polygon mirror. One known method of solving this problem is to use an anamorphic optical system as the second focusing optical system disposed between the rotating polygon and the surface to be scanned, and to position the reflecting position on the rotating polygon and the scanning surface in conjugate relationship with respect to an auxiliary scanning direction (vertical direction in FIG. 3). In FIG. 3, the second focusing optical system couples the reflecting position on the rotating polygon 3 and the scanned surface 7 in substantilly conjugate relationship as viewed in the auxiliary scanning direction. Therefore, even if a mirror facet 4 of the rotating polygon suffers from a deviant orientation as represented by 4', the focused position on the scanned surface 7 is not virtually moved in the auxiliary scanning direction by the second focusing optical system. The facet error is corrected in this manner.
When the polygon mirror 3 rotates, the reflecting surface or facet 4 rotates about an axis 3A, and there is developed an optical path length change (sag) between the first focusing optical system 2 and the reflecting surface 4. Therefore, a positional deviation .DELTA.X is produced between the position P of the focused linear image and the reflecting surface 4, and hence the position P' of a conjugate image of the linear image generated by the second focusing optical system or f.theta. lens system is deviated from the scanned surface 7 by .DELTA.'X.
The amount of deviation .DELTA.'X is given as .DELTA.'X=.beta..sup.2 .multidot..DELTA.X where .beta. is the lateral magnification of the lens system, as is well known.
Where the angle formed in the light deflecting plane between the optical axis of the lenses and the principal ray of the

On the other hand, a structure is known in which a polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion 4 obtained by dispersing a cholesteric liquid crystal 2 as particles in a polymer 1 is sandwiched between a pair of substrates 21 and 22 having electrodes 11 and 12, as shown in FIG. 9, instead of sealing the cholesteric liquid crystal directly between a pair of substrates having electrodes.
In this case as well, the above display principle may be similarly utilized. The polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion is more resistant than ordinary liquid crystal cells to stresses applied from the outside. Therefore, the dispersion is not only resistant to the breakdown of a stored image but can also be apparently handled as a solid. As a result, there are advantages in that the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion can be handled in, for example, a production process more easily than a liquid cholesteric liquid crystal and can be laminated on other functional films such as an optical conductor.
As shown in FIG. 10, however, the reflection spectrum of the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion is largely different from that of a liquid crystal cell, and the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion has the following problems: (1) the spectrum of the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion at the time of light reflection has significantly larger short-wavelength components than those of a liquid crystal cell, whereby only a color display having low color purity can be obtained and (2) the spectrum at the time of a dark display has large short-wavelength components, whereby only a display having a low contrast is obtained. There is also a problem in that (3) although a liquid crystal cell has a relatively stable reflectance at the time of a dark display (dark reflectance) over time, the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion has a strong tendency toward an increase in this reflectance, which is accompanied by a display being made lighter in color over time.
The above problems are characteristics found to be common to several methods of producing the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion, such as a cholesteric liquid crystal microcapsule using a gelatin and gum arabic as its wall material, a cholesteric liquid crystal microcapsule using a polyurethane resin as its wall material, and a polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion obtained by dispersing cholesteric liquid crystals in an aqueous solution of a polyvinyl alcohol resin, followed by drying.
Conventionally, the problems (1

2. Description of the Related Arts In general, the process of productions by reaction and the melting and crystallization processes in a vessel for processing under a reduced pressure are carried out in vacuum. Therefore, the specific gravity of the gas which flows into a vacuum pump is very small. When the gas, together with the dust, flows into the vacuum pump, the gas flows appropriately but has less ability to convey the dust, and therefore a greater portion of the dust is accumulated in the vacuum pump. In prior arts, the increased amount of the accumulated dust prevents the satisfactory running of the vacuum pump to cause difficulty in continuing the running of the vacuum pump so that frequent operations to remove the dust in the vacuum pump are needed.
Also, there is a problem that, if the sizes of grains of the dust which flows together with the gas into the vacuum pump are large, the internal structures of the vacuum pump, such as rotors, collect the grains of the dust to which can lead to a failure or a stoppage of the vacuum pump.
To prevent dust from flowing into the vacuum pump attempts have been made to separate the dust by providing filters or the like between the vacuum pump and the dust producing device. There is a problem, however, in that the dust causes blocking of the through-paths in the filter which are then greatly reduced. The effective evacuation performance of the vacuum pump for the process of production by reaction and the melting and crystallization in the vessel for processing prevent the reaction process and the melting and crystallization in the vessel for processing from continuing.
It is possible to provide a dust separator for separating dust utilizing the flow of gas, such as a cyclone type separator, between the vacuum pump and the vessel for processing. However, in this case, to reduce the loss of the pressure by the cyclone type separator, if the cross-sectional area of the gas flow in the separator is increased, no sufficient gas flow velocity is obtained so that the satisfactory separation of the dust cannot be realized in the cyclone type separator. Since the process is carried out under high degree of vacuum in the vessel for processing, the amount of the flow of the gas entering into the vessel, coming out from the vessel and being sent to the vacuum pump is relatively small. Therefore, the ability of the vacuum pump to transfer the dust to discharge the dust is low, and accordingly the dust tends to be accumulated in the vacuum pump to lead to a stoppage of the vacuum pump.
Since the dust is discharged together with the gas from the vacuum pump

Distribution of full motion video data has evolved from early television broadcasting to meet viewer demand. Earliest video distribution was by point-to-point wiring between a camera and a video monitor. This was followed by scheduled television broadcasting of programming over the public air waves. In the 1960s, Community Antenna Television (CATV) was chartered to provide off-air television signals to viewers in broadcast reception fringe areas. Later, under FCC regulation, the CATV industry was required to provide local access and original programming in addition to off-air broadcast signal distribution.
In response, several sources of cable network programming were established. Because of the wide bandwidth available on cable television systems, additional channels were made available for the new programming. However, programming was generally prescheduled, with the viewer left to tune to the designated channel at the appointed time to view a particular program.
To increase revenues, cable television systems have initiated distribution of premium channels viewable only by subscribers having appropriate descramblers. The descramblers are tuned to receive only premium channels, descramble the video and audio information and supply a signal capable of reception on a standard television set.
Pay-per-view programs, which evolved later, include recently released movies, live concerts and popular sporting events. Subscribers wishing to view a pay-per-view program place an order with the cable operator. At the designated time, the subscriber's descrambler is activated to permit viewing of the pay-per-view programming. However, the subscriber is restricted to viewing the programming at the scheduled time. There is no capability of delivering programming to a subscriber on demand, that is, immediately or at a subscriber-specified time and date.
In the early 1980s, technological advances resulted in the proliferation of Video Cassette Recorders (VCR), establishing a second course for video programming distribution. Pre-recorded video programs are now available for sale and rental to VCR owners. Using a VCR, the viewer selects from among many titles available for sale and rental, and views the program when convenient. The VCR owner further has the capability to selectively view the programming using special functions of the VCR, such as pause, fast forward, reverse, slow motion, etc. The viewer can thus manipulate and replay portions of the program at will.
The penalty for this convenience, however, is in the necessity to travel to the local video rental/sales store, if necessary wait for a popular video program tape to become available, once the program is

Depending upon the pallet buyer's specifications, pallet manufacturers countersink the top of the nails to different depths below the top surface of the pallet boards. This change in countersink depth has traditionally been made by changing the relative distance between the board end of the nailing chuck and the drive end of the nailing chuck so that the pin's final extended position of the nail-driving pin is changed relative to the board end of the nailing chuck.
An example of such a countersink adjustment apparatus is shown in the Wallin U.S. Pat. No. 4,782,989. In the Wallin patent the board end of the nailing chuck and the drive end of the nailing chuck are connected together by threads. The drive end of the nailing chuck contains female threads and the board end of the nailing chuck contains male threads. Where the drive end and the board end connect, a female threaded lock ring selectively locks the board end of the nailing chuck in position. The drive end of the nailing chuck is independently fastened in place so that the drive end cannot rotate about the longitudinal axis of the nailing chuck.
The board end of the chuck can be selectively rotated about the longitudinal axis of the nailing chuck while connected to the drive end of the chuck to change the relative distance from the board end of the chuck to the drive end of the chuck. The nail-driving pin is connected to the drive end of the chuck and extends into the board end of the chuck. When the distance from the board end of the chuck to the drive end of the chuck is changed, the position of the nail-driving pin, relative to the board end of the chuck, is also changed since the position of the nail-driving pin is fixed relative to the drive end of the chuck. Consequently, by changing the position of the board end of the chuck relative to the drive end of the chuck, the final extended position of the nail-driving pin can be adjusted relative to the board end of the chuck, and the nail countersink depth can be selectively changed.
One complication of this nail countersink depth adjustment method is that automatic nail feeding devices are often connected to the board end of the chuck. Since the board end of the chuck must be rotated to adjust the countersink depth, the automatic nail feeding device must be removed from the board end of the chuck prior to its adjustment and must be reattached following adjustment of the countersink depth. Since the automatic pallet-making machinery does not operate when

At the time of readout of data, the potential on the control gate is set to zero volts. The judgment as to whether the data stored in the memory cell is "0" or "1" is carried out by setting the operating point of the sense amplifier circuit, i.e., sense potential so that a suitable current flows in the memory cell. This sense potential is set to about -1 volt as indicated by the single dotted lines.
In FIG. 3, in the case of the cell of "1" data, electrons in the floating gate are discharged with the lapse of time. Thus, the threshold voltage thereof lowers with the lapse of time to reach 1 volt, which is the threshold voltage in the initial state. On the other hand, in the case of the cell of "0" data, electrons are injected into the floating gate with the lapse of time. Thus, the threshold voltage rises with the lapse of time to reach 1 volt. At the time t.sub.N in the middle thereof, that threshold voltage goes through '1 volt, which is the sense potential of the sense amplifier circuit.
FIG. 4 shows the change of the cell current (I.sub.cell) at the time of the high temperature shelf test of the memory cell in which "0" level data is stored. With the lapse of time, the cell current decreases. When the cell current is below the sense level current Is in the sense amplifier circuit, the sense amplifier circuit erroneously judges data which has been originally at the "0" level to be "1" level data. It is only the memory cells in which "0" level data is stored, that data may be erroneously detected as stated above. The time when such an erroneous data is detected is now assumed to be t.sub.N. In the case of the normal memory cell, the time required for reaching the time t.sub.N is sufficiently long, and there is therefore no problem in view of actual use. However, in the case of the defective memory cell, the time required for reaching the time t.sub.N is small. For this reason, there are instances where memory cells may become inferior or defective while they are being used in a product. Particularly, if erasing and/or writing are frequently repeated, the insulating oxide film is considerably deteriorated, so inferiority is apt to occur.
FIG. 5 is a circuit diagram of a conventional typical EEPROM in which memory cells similar to the memory cell shown by the equivalent circuit of

ROM is a type of solid state memory. Each ROM cell is fabricated with a desired logic state. In other words, a bit of binary data is permanently stored in a ROM cell either in a logic state of “0” or “1” depending on whether there is a conductive path between a bit line and a VSS line. In accordance with a definition of a ROM cell's logic, when a logic state of “1” is stored in a ROM cell, there is a connected path from a bit line to a VSS line. On the other hand, when a logic state of “0” is stored in a ROM cell, there is no connected path from the bit line to the VSS line. The definition of “0” and “1” described above can be swapped depending on different applications.
As technologies evolve, semiconductor process nodes have been scaled down for high density ROM integrated circuits. As a result, the form factor of ROM integrated circuit has been improved from shrinking the semiconductor process node (e.g., shrink the process node towards the sub-20 nm node). As semiconductor devices are scaled down, new techniques are needed to maintain the electronic components' performance from one generation to the next. For example, low leakage current transistors are desirable for high density and high speed ROM integrated circuits.
Fin field-effect transistors (FinFETs) have emerged as an effective alternative to further reduce leakage current in semiconductor devices. In contrast to the prior planar MOS transistor, which has a channel formed at the surface of a semiconductor substrate, a FinFET has a three dimensional channel region. In a FinFET, an active region including the drain, the channel region and the source protrudes up from the surface of the semiconductor substrate upon which the FinFET is located. The active region of the FinFET, like a fin, is rectangular in shape from a cross section view. In addition, the gate structure of the FinFET wraps the active region around three sides like an upside-down U. As a result, the gate structure's control of the channel has become stronger. The short channel leakage effect of conventional planar transistors has been reduced. As such, when the FinFET is turned off, the gate structure can better control the channel so as to reduce leakage current.
The three-dimensional shape of the FinFET channel region allows for an increased gate width without increased silicon area even as the overall scale of the devices is reduced with semiconductor process scaling, and in conjunction with a reduced gate length, providing a reasonable channel width characteristic

As described above, a laser control apparatus which can obtain a bias power corresponding to a bias power current value previously, and can set the bias power freely, can be provided.
According to Claim 6 of the present invention, there is provided a laser control apparatus which controls a power of a semiconductor laser in an optical recording/reproducing apparatus for performing recording/reproduction into/from an optical disk by a semiconductor laser, comprising: a photodiode for detecting a light of the semiconductor laser; a current/voltage conversion circuit for converting a current of the photodiode into a voltage, and outputting the voltage; a reference voltage source for deciding a reproduction power of the semiconductor laser; an error amplifier for amplifying a difference between the output voltage of the current/voltage conversion circuit and the reference voltage; a current source for passing a current through the semiconductor laser; a reproduction power control system for connecting an output of the error amplifier to the current source, and controlling the reproduction power; a D/A conversion circuit for deciding a current to be passed through the semiconductor laser; a switch means for selectively switching between the output of the error amplifier and an output of the D/A conversion circuit, to make a control signal of the current source; an A/D conversion circuit for subjecting the output of the error amplifier to digital conversion; and an operation circuit for, in a period during which recording is not performed, outputting a digital signal to the D/A conversion circuit, reading changes in an output signal of the A/D conversion circuit, obtaining a change amount in power in respect to a change amount in the current of the semiconductor laser, and at the recording, outputting a digital signal value obtained in the period during which the recording is not performed, to the D/A conversion circuit.
According to Claim 6 of the present invention, the laser control apparatus takes a correction between an A/D converter detecting a current control voltage at the reproduction and a D/A converter controlling a bias current at the recording, and even when full scales are different or offsets are present between the A/D converter and the D/A converter, the bias power can be set highly precisely.
As described above, a laser control apparatus which, by taking a correction between an A/D converter detecting a current control voltage at the reproduction and a D/A converter controlling a bias current at the recording, can set a bias power highly precisely even when full scales are different or offset are present between the A/D converter and the D/

The preamble of the IEEE 802.11 data packet is used by the receiver to initiate spreading code synchronization is always transmitted as the DBPSK wave form. This permits all receivers to identify the transmitted waveform and, if the receiver is capable, switch to a higher rate mode of operation for interaction a particular WLAN device. The header of an IEEE 802.11 data packet which includes a cyclic redundancy check code, a packet payload transmission rate indicator, and payload length signal may be transmitted as either a DBPSK or DQPSK waveform.
To achieve higher data rates, the IEEE 802.11b revision adopts Complementary Code Keying (CCK) to replace the 11-chip Barker sequence for modulating data packet payloads. Complementary codes or binary, complementary sequences are polyphase codes comprising a pair of equal finite length sequences having the property that the number of pairs of like elements with any given separation in one series is equal to the number of pairs of unlike elements with the same separation in the second series. As a set, these code sequences have unique mathematical properties that facilitate distinguishing between code words at the receiver even in the presence of substantial noise and multipath interference. For an 11 Mbits/s data rate the information data stream is divided into eight bit segments. The values of six of the data bits are used to generate one of 64 unique subcodes. The values of the two remaining data bits are used to select one of the DQPSK phases for rotating the selected subcode producing 256 possible codewords for transmission. Systems operating in the 5.5 Mbits/s mode use two data bits to generate one of four subcodes and two bits are used to select one of the four DQPSK phases. With a symbol rate of 1.375 Msymbols/s, an eight chip spreading code, and a chipping rate of 11 MHz the high data rate waveform occupies approximately the same bandwidth as that of the 2 Mbits/s DQPSK waveform of the lower rate systems. As a result, the ISM band is sufficiently wide for three non-overlapping higher data rate channels promoting interoperability of the lower and higher data rate systems.
In a receiver, the “as received” analog signal is converted to a digital signal and correlation is used to strip the PN or spreading code from the digital signal. In the CCK modes utilized by the higher data rate systems, a bank of correlators followed by a largest correlation value detector is used to detect the modulation. The CCK codewords

As illustrated in the timing chart shown in FIG. 1, for example, in shading correction performed during the non-stop DF operation in accordance with the known technique described above, an instruction to perform a carriage operation is issued after the setting of a carriage driving operation and the setting of a reading operation for shading correction are performed after a time point t1 at which the reading operation of a previous document is completed. That is, the image reading device receives a reading preparation request from a controller (D1), sends a memory request to the controller (D2), and receives a memory access permission notification from the controller (D3). Thereafter, at the time point t1 at which the reading operation of the previous document is completed, the image reading device starts a pre-reading DF shading correction. Then, at a time point t2 at which the pre-reading DF shading correction is completed, the image reading device starts the reading operation of the next document. Further, at a time point t3 at which the next document is moved outside an image effective range, the image reading device completes the reading operation. According to the timing illustrated in FIG. 1, the sheet feeding operation of the next document starts after the completion of the reading operation of the previous document and before the completion of the sheet feeding operation of the previous document in the DF reading operation. Further, the DF document feeding operation is completed when the sheet feeding operation of the next document is completed.
According to the above-described timing, the time TD between the previous document and the next document in the non-stop successive sheet feeding operation corresponds to the sum of a processing time Ts of the DF shading correction and a preparation time Tp for the DF shading correction, and represents a pre-reading DF shading correction time. The time TD is represented as the following equation:TD=Tp+Ts  (1)The time TD is also represented as the following equation:TD=t2−t1  (2)
It is to be noted that productivity is determined by the processing time, that is, the shorter the processing time the greater the productivity. However, the way in which known apparatuses including that described above operate makes it difficult to reduce the processing time and improve the productivity, for reasons which are discussed in greater detail below.
FIG. 2 is a detailed timing chart illustrating the above-described time TD. As can be observed from the drawing, the preparation time Tp for the DF shading correction corresponds to the sum

Amlodipine fumarates and particularly amlodipine hemifumarate may exist in a solvent-free form or it may be isolated as a hydrate or a solvate. The hydrates and solvates of amlodipine fumarate, especially hydrates or solvates of amlodipine hemifumarate, form another aspect of the invention.
Amlodipine fumarate may be characterised by a variety of ordinary methods such as IR spectrum, m.p., DSC curve, etc. The structure and amlodipine/fumaric acid ratio may be proven by measuring 1H-NMR spectrum and/or by titration methods.
Amlodipine fumarate is converted to amlodipine free base in vivo and thus it basically shares the pharmaceutical activity of amlodipine. Accordingly, the compound may be used as a suitable form of amlodipine for administration of amlodipine into a patient in need thereof. Particularly, due to its limited solubility in body fluids, amlodipine hemifumarate is the advantageous salt form of amlodipine, especially for manufacturing slow or modified release final forms, but the use thereof is not limited thereto.
Amlodipine fumarate is a useful calcium channel blocker and thus can be used to treat any cardiac condition that would be benefited by administration of a calcium channel blocker. In particular, the amlodipine fumarate can be used to treat or prevent hypertension or angina by administering an effective amount to a patient in need thereof. The specific form of angina is not particularly limited and specifically includes chronic stable angina pectoris and vasospastic angina (Prinzmetal""s angina). The compound can be administered by any suitable route including orally or parenterally. The xe2x80x9cpatientsxe2x80x9d intended to be treated include human and non-human animals especially humans and non-human mammals.
The compound is usually administered as part of a pharmaceutical composition. Accordingly, a further aspect of the invention is a pharmaceutical composition for treating or preventing hypertension or angina that comprises an effective amount of amlodipine fumarate and a pharmaceutically acceptable excipient. Excipients include any inert or non-active material used in making a pharmaceutical dosage form. For example, tablet excipients include, but are not limited to, calcium phosphate, cellulose, starch or

The invention further relates to an optical receiver, clock recovery means and a non-linear optical element.
Such a transmission system is known from the article xe2x80x9c10 Gbit/s all-optical regeneratorxe2x80x9d by W. A. Pender et. al. in Electronics Letters 31st August 1995, Vol. 31, No. 18. pp. 1587-1588.
The transmission rate of optical transmission systems is increasing rapidly, due to improvements of optical components such as lasers, modulators, multiplexers and demultiplexers. The transmission rate approaches the limit of capabilities of the used electrical components such as photo detectors and modulators. To overcome this limitations there is a trend to use time division multiplex in which a plurality of optical signals with a bitrate of e.g. 10 Gbit/s are multiplexed into an optical signal with a higher bitrate e.g. 40 Gbit/s. This multiplexing can completely be performed by optical means.
In the receiver the received optical signal has to be demultiplexed by optical means because using electrical components for handling such a high bitrate signal is very difficult. Such optical demultiplexing requires the availability of an optical clock signal. Because this clock signal has to be synchronized to the received input signal, the receiver comprises clock recovery means to extract the required optical clock signal from the received signal. In the optical transmission system according to the above mentioned article, clock recovery means using only optical components are used.
The clock recovery system according to the above mentioned article is based on mode locking of a ring-laser in which the received optical signal is injected. A ring laser comprises an optical amplifying device having its output coupled to its input by means of a feedback loop. Mode locking is a phenomenon that results in the generation of optical pulses having a repetition rate which is a multiple of the reciprocal of the round trip delay of the combination of amplifier and feedback loop. The phenomenon is caused by non-linear amplitude and phase transfer in the feedback loop. To obtain said non-linear amplitude and phase transfer a non-linear element is present in the feedback loop.
In the transmission system according to the above mentioned article the non-linear element comprises 1 km dispersion shifted fiber followed by a polarizer. A first non-linear effect comprises a change of the polarization state in dependence of the amplitude of the optical signal in the 1 km dispersion shifted fiber. A second non-linear effect is a phase shift

The present relates to a method and a system of switching-over from a regular communication control processor (hereinafter abbreviated to "CCP") connected to a plurality of host computers to a backup CCP, and particularly relates to a method and a system of automatically switching-over from a regular CCP to a backup CCP in case of failure of the regular CCP.
A system having regular and backup CCPs connected to a plurality of host computers has been disclosed in HITAC manual "Program Product VOS3 Communication Management XNF, Introduction and Practical Use", 8090-3-172, 63-7 (1988), Hitachi, Ltd. One program is stored in both the regular and backup CCPs before a link state is established between the regular CCP and the respective host computers. In case of failure of the regular CCP in the system, all the communication lines connected to the regular CCP are manually switched over to the backup CCP through a line switch. Then, an operator command is issued from the respective host computers to release the link state established between the regular CCP and the respective host computers and establish a new link state between the backup CCP and the respective host computers to thereby perform switching-over for the regular CCP to the backup CCP (Prior Art 1).
On the other hand, a communication system in which dual-system CCPs are connected to each other through health check lines has been disclosed as "Load Distributed Communication Control Processor" in JP-A-6354846. In the system, one CCP monitors the state of the other CCP so that, in case of failure of one CCP, the communication line connected to the failure CCP is connected to the other CCP (Prior Art 2).
Now consider the case where the Prior Art 1 is applied to a communication system having a plurality of host computers operated on the basis of one program and separated into one master host computer and slave host computers, two CCPs of the same hardware construction separated into a regular CCP connected to the respective host computers to be operated on the basis of the program and a backup CCP, and a line switch for collectively switching lines between the two CCPs. In case of failure of the regular CCP, a long time is required for recovery from the failure because operator commands must be issued from all of the host computers connected to the new regular CCP which is changed from a backup CCP into a regular CCP (that is, human thought and operation must be used).

1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates generally to methods, systems and apparatus for managing digital communications systems. More specifically, this invention relates to identifying types of modems or other communication devices, such as by manufacturer, model number, and software version, used in a communication system such as an ADSL system.
2. Description of Related Art
Digital subscriber line (DSL) technologies provide potentially large bandwidth for digital communication over existing telephone subscriber lines (referred to as loops and/or the copper plant). Telephone subscriber lines can provide this bandwidth despite their original design for only voice-band analog communication. In particular, asymmetric DSL (ADSL) can adjust to the characteristics of the subscriber line by using a discrete multitone (DMT) line code that assigns a number of bits to each tone (or sub-carrier), which can be adjusted to channel conditions as determined during training and initialization of the modems (typically transceivers that function as both transmitters and receivers) at each end of the subscriber line.
In recent years, various DSL modems from a variety of manufacturers and vendors have been deployed to customers in a variety of DSL and other communication networks. While some customers are using the latest and/or popular types of modems, other customers may be using very old and/or less common types of modems. Very little effort is made to track the implementation, use and changes to modem type used by customers, meaning that operators and/or other parties have little information about what those customers are using on their respective networks. Generally, an “operator” is a telecom or other service provider who operates the network and provides the service itself. Standardized mechanisms within the existing deployed base of modems that supposedly allow the modems to identify their vendor ID, version ID, and serial number have not been implemented, or have been implemented incorrectly, and are thus ineffective for identification of modems.
Current techniques for acquiring such customer/modem type information are costly and generally ineffective. They may include making a special effort to contact customers directly to collect such information, which is time consuming, highly inefficient and very costly. Operators and others also may collect information whenever there is a “truck roll” (that is, a service call to the customer's premises for repair and/or maintenance work). However, operators and the like attempt to keep the number of truck rolls to a minimum and this is a very inefficient way to collect information about customers and the types of modems they are using.
System

However, in the case of a medium using a dye in a recording layer, the recording layer is usually formed by spin-coating. An optical disc substrate has a groove, and when a recording layer is formed by spin-coating, the recording layer is formed on the whole surface of the substrate ranging from the further inside of the groove at the inner peripheral portion of the substrate to the outermost edge of the substrate.
Taking into consideration the adhesion between the protective layer and the reflective layer, it is demanded to remove the recording layer at the inner peripheral and outer peripheral portions of the substrate and form a protective layer extending over the peripheries of the recording layer and the reflective layer as proposed by Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open Nos. Hei 2-183442 and 2-236833.
In order to form the protective layer extending over both the recording layer and the reflective layer as shown, for example, in FIG. 4, it is necessary to provide a portion where the substrate is exposed at each of the inside of the innermost periphery and the outside of the outermost periphery (outermost edge) of the recording layer.
For the purpose of forming such a structure, heretofore, the recording layer formed at each of the outer and the inner peripheral portions has been removed. For example, the recording layer at the outer peripheral portion of the substrate can be easily removed by dropping a solvent to the peripheral portion while rotating the substrate.
On the contrary, the recording layer at the inner peripheral portion can not be removed by the same method as that used for removing the recording layer at the outer peripheral portion, but is removed only by, for example, wiping the recording layer away with a solvent or burning the recording layer with laser as disclosed in Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. Hei 2-183442.
However, according to the present inventors' investigation, those methods are complicated and of less productivity, and the recording layer can not be completely removed. And we have found that the adhesion of the protective layer is not sufficient, and therefore when the medium is allowed to stand under high temperature and high humidity conditions for a long period of time, the peeling strength at the inner peripheral portion is poor so that peeling occurs at the inner peripheral portion.
Alternatively, a recording layer at the inner peripheral portion can be removed as shown in Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. Hei 2-236833. That is, a reflective layer is formed on a recording layer in such a way that

One type of post-drilling test involves producing fluid from the reservoir, collecting samples, shutting-in the well and allowing the pressure to build-up to a static level. This sequence may be repeated several times for different reservoirs within a given borehole. This type of test is known as a xe2x80x9cPressure Build-up Testxe2x80x9d. One of the important aspects of the data collected during such a test is the pressure build-up information gathered after drawing the pressure down. From this data, information can be derived as to permeability, and size of the reservoir. Further, actual samples of the reservoir fluid are obtained, and tested to gather Pressure-Volume-Temperature data relevant to the reservoir""s hydrocarbon distribution.
In order to perform these important tests, it is currently necessary to retrieve the drill string from the well borehole. Thereafter, a different tool, designed for the testing, is run into the well borehole. A wireline is often used to lower a test tool into the well borehole. The test tool sometimes utilizes packers for isolating the reservoir. Numerous communication devices have been designed which provide for manipulation of the test tool, or alternatively, provide for data transmission from the test tool. Some of those designs include signaling from the surface of the Earth with pressure pulses, through the fluid in the well borehole, to or from a downhole microprocessor located within, or associated with the test tool. Alternatively, a wire line can be lowered from the surface, into a landing receptacle located within a test tool, establishing electrical signal communication between the surface and the test assembly. Regardless of the type of test tool and type of communication system used, the amount of time and money required for retrieving the drill string and running a second test tool into the borehole is significant. Further, if the borehole is highly deviated, a wire line tool is difficult to use to perform the testing.
There is also another type of problem, related to downhole pressure conditions, which can occur during drilling. The density of the drilling fluid is calculated to achieve maximum drilling efficiency while maintaining safety, and the density is dependent upon the desired relationship between the weight of the drilling mud column and the downhole pressures which will be encountered. As different formations are penetrated during drilling, the downhole pressures can change significantly. Currently available devices do not accurately sense the formation pressure as the drill bit penetrates the formation. The actual formation pressure could be lower than expected, allowing the

The present invention relates to a technology for performing a sheet folding operation by conveying a recording medium through a plurality of conveying paths.
2. Description of the Related Art
Japanese Utility Model Application Laid-open No. S62-68973 and Japanese Patent Application Laid-open No. H04-64577 disclose a sheet folding device that performs a folding operation such as an operation of folding a recording medium (hereinafter, “sheet”) in a Z fold. In such a sheet folding device, when a sheet is conveyed in a first conveying path toward a pair of folding rollers, the leading end of the sheet is brought into contact with a first stopper in the first conveying path, so that a portion of the sheet is bent by the first stopper. The bending portion is then conveyed between the folding rollers whereby a first folding operation is performed on the sheet to fold the sheet. The folded sheet is then conveyed toward a second stopper in a second conveying path, and the same process as in the first conveying path is performed in the second conveying path, so that a second folding operation is performed on the sheet to fold the sheet again. Each of the first conveying path and the second conveying path is formed by guide plates arranged on opposite sides of the sheet in a thickness direction.
However, in the sheet folding device described above, a space between the guide plates in the first conveying path is the same as that in the second conveying path, and the size of the space is not particularly specified for each of the first conveying path and the second conveying path. When the above folding operation is performed on a sheet, the sheet passing through each of the conveying paths has a different thickness, and every time the folding operation is performed on the sheet, the thickness of the sheet is increased. Specifically, the sheet passing through the first conveying path has the thickness of the original sheet because the folding operation has not been performed on the sheet yet. The sheet passing through the second conveying path has the thickness of double the original sheet because the sheet has been folded. Thus, because the thickness of the sheet is increased after the folding operation, a problem can occur if the space between the guide plates is the same in the first conveying path and the second conveying path. If the space between the guide plates is larger than the thickness of the sheet, it is difficult to convey the sheet in a stable manner or to fold the sheet at an appropriate position. On the other hand, if the space between the guide plates is smaller than the thickness of the sheet, friction between the

Formoterol, (+/−)N-[2-hydroxy-5-[1-hydroxy-2 [[2-(p-methoxyphenyl)-2-propyl]amino]ethyl]phenyl]-formamide, is a highly potent long lasting bronchodilator when inhaled. Formoterol has two chiral centers in the molecule, each of which can exist in two possible configurations. Thus, formoterol has four stereoisomers: (R,R), (S,S), (R,S) and (S,R). The racemic mixture that is commercially available for administration is a dihydrate of the fumarate salt. The order of potency of the isomers is (R,R)>>(R,S)=(S,R)>(S,S), and the (R,R)-isomer is 1000-fold more potent than the (S,S)-isomer. Administration of the pure (R,R)-isomer also offers an improved therapeutic ratio. U.S. Pat. No. 6,268,533 and PCT application WO 00/21487 disclose that the L-(+)-tartrate salt of R,R-formoterol is unexpectedly superior to other salts of R,R-formoterol, being easy to handle, pharmaceutically innocuous and non-hygroscopic. Also, U.S. Pat. No. 6,268,533 and U.S. Pat. No. 6,472,563, which are hereby incorporated by reference herein in their entireties, disclose that the L-tartrate salt of R,R-formoterol exists in three polymorphic forms, polymorph (A), (B), and (C).
Formoterol drug substances are known to be stable at ambient conditions for up to two years. However, when R,R-formoterol L-tartrate salt is mixed with lactose, degradation is known to occur (Maillards reaction) because of interactions between the amino groups within the R,R-formoterol L-tartrate salt molecule and the lactose moiety.
Dry powder inhalation devices usually need to be packed in a substantially impermeable package to prevent atmospheric moisture ingress. The use of such impermeable packages may cause accumulation of certain trace substances within the sealed local environment to a level sufficient for them to interact with the pharmaceutical composition contained in the dry powder inhalation device. Such interaction, for example, may result in an adduct between the pharmaceutical composition

A notable difference between expanders used in automotive and industrial applications is the ratio of barium sulfate to carbon. For example, in automotive batteries, a high fraction of lignosulfonate (25-40%) may be used, whereas in industrial batteries a smaller percentage of lignosulfonate may be used (0-10%). The higher percentage of lignosulfonate in automotive plates may be useful in producing high cold-cranking amperes, whereas a larger amount of barium sulfate in industrial plates may help prevent passivation during deep cycling and provide greater durability.
Conductive additives in positive plates, such as BaPbO3 (Barium metaplumbate); Pb3O4 (Red lead), Titanium based compounds (e.g., Ti4O7, TiSi2, TiO2), and graphite have been used to improve the power density and corrosion resistance in lead-acid batteries. Similarly, higher surface area additives (e.g., glass microspheres, particulate silica, zeolite, and porous carbons) have also been added to negative paste to improve electrolyte access and enhance cycle life.
For several decades, carbon has been a popular additive to the NAM in lead-acid batteries. Although the role of carbon in NAM may be generally unclear, several beneficial effects have been identified. For example, carbon nucleates the PbSO4 crystals, resulting in smaller crystals that may be more easily dissolved into the electrolyte during charging processes. This restricts the progress of plate sulfation (e.g., formation of a PbSO4 layer) and increases the useful life of the battery in high-rate, partial state-of-charge (HRPSoC) duty. High surface-area carbons can act as a reservoir for electrolyte within NAM, thus reducing the possibility of plate dry-out.
A combination of highly conductive graphite, high surface area carbon black and/or activated carbon is often used in NAM. In graphite, the atoms are typically arranged in planar hexagonal networks (e.g., graphene layers) held together by strong sp2 bonds resulting in high in-planar electronic conductivity. A disordered carbon typically arises when a fraction of carbon atoms is sp3 hybridized rather than sp2. The electronic conductivity of mixed carbon depends on the distribution of sp3 carbon in sp2 domains. Although graphite additives in active material decrease the resistivity of the paste by forming a conductive path around the PbSO4 crystals, they are reported to have lower surface areas (typically in the order

Bath towels, beach towels, washcloths or the like are typically produced from fabric that is stored in roll form on a spool. The fabric is unrolled from the spool in a machine direction, cut into sections, and bonded in the machine direction and a cross direction to form at least partially finished products.
The web is sometimes formed using fabric from multiple spools, such that the web is made up of multiple layers of material that must be bonded together. As used herein, the term “layer” when used in a singular form may refer to a single layer element or multiple layer elements.
In some processes, the web is bonded in the machine direction (often manually) and then cut into sections, so that the cut edges of the sections can be manually bonded in the cross direction. In other processes, the web is cut into sections without any type of bonding, such that each section must be manually bonded in both the machine and cross directions.
As used herein, the term “machine direction” refers to along the length of a material, fabric, or web, in the direction in which it moves as it is produced. The terms “cross-machine direction” or “cross direction” refer to along the width of a material, fabric, or web (i.e., a direction generally perpendicular to the machine direction).
The labor associated with manually bonding the web or web sections adds unwanted production costs, especially bonding in the cross direction. Bonding in the cross direction is cumbersome, because the web must be cut into sections, and then each of the sections maneuvered to permit access to the cut edges for manual bonding in the cross direction.
The web and/or cut out web sections are typically bonded near the perimeter. In some processes, interior areas of the web or web sections are manually bonded for stability and/or decorative effect. The edges of the web are also often folded over and manually bonded to form hems along the web edges. Forming hems along the cut edges of web sections is even more problematic because of the work required to manipulate the cut web sections for folding and then bonding.
There is a need for an apparatus, seaming assembly and method that effectively places seams in a continuously moving web of fabric in a cross direction, or in both machine and cross directions. The apparatus, seaming assembly and method should make it less expensive to produce bath towels, beach towels, washcloths or the like by efficiently bonding portions of a web that is formed from at least one sp

The present invention relates to an electrochemical device for measuring the concentration of oxygen in a liquid alkali metal and, more particularly, to such a device which has a longer life and is more reliable and accurate than prior devices of this nature especially designed to measure the concentration of oxygen in molten sodium.
It is desirable for various purposes to be able to measure the oxygen content of molten alkali metals used in industrial processes and commercial equipment. For example, it is quite important to be able to detect the presence of oxygen in the liquid sodium heat transfer loops of liquid metal fast breeder reactors. The presence of oxygen in the liquid sodium coolant of the primary coolant loop in such a reactor, i.e., the loop which passes through the reactor core, has to be minimized to prevent corrosion and consequent mass transport from the reactor core of radioactive corrosion products. A reliable oxygen monitoring device is also needed for the secondary loop of such a reactor liquid sodium coolant system in order to provide prompt and quantitative detection of steam or water leaks into the sodium.
Oxygen monitoring devices which rely on galvanic principles and ionic conduction have been designed to measure oxygen concentrations in molten metals. Basically, such devices provide an indication of the oxygen content by measuring the electromotive force generated between a reference electrode and a molten metal by the conduction of oxygen ions therebetween through a solid electrolyte. The devices described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,776,831; 3,864,231; and 3,864,232 are representative of such devices. Presently available electrochemical oxygen monitoring devices, however, suffer from several deficiencies which make them less than optimum for use in measuring the oxygen content in liquid alkali metals, especially if the alkali metal is, for example, liquid sodium being used as a fission reactor coolant.
One of the primary problems with most presently available devices is that they are not as accurate as desired. That is, most of such devices use air or some other gas as a reference electrode, and in order to provide a sufficiently fast response time the device must be operated at a relatively high temperature, e.g., 800.degree. C. The difficulty with operation of such a device with a gas reference electrode at such a high temperature is that electronic conduction through the electrolyte becomes sufficiently high to interfere with the accurate measurement of ionic conduction through the solid electrolyte. Moreover, high temperature operation substantially increases corrosive action of the alkali metal on the solid electrolyte, thereby reducing the effective life of the device. While it may appear that such problems could be

Bone grafts are used in spinal fusion, for example, which is a technique used to stabilize the spinal bones, or vertebrae, and a goal is to create a solid bridge of bone between two or more vertebrae. The fusion process includes “arthrodesis”, which can be thought of as the mending or welding together of two bones in a spinal joint space, much like a broken arm or leg healing in a cast. Spinal fusion may be recommended for a variety of conditions that might include, for example, a spondylolisthesis, a degenerative disc disease, a recurrent disc herniation, or perhaps to correct a prior surgery.
Bone graft material is introduced for fusion and a fusion cage can be inserted to help support the disc space during the fusion process. In fact, fusion cages are frequently used in such procedures to support and stabilize the disc space until bone graft unites the bone of the opposing vertebral endplates in the disc space. A transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion (TLIF), for example, involves placement of posterior instrumentation (screws and rods) into the spine, and the fusion cage loaded with bone graft can be inserted into the disc space. Bone graft material can be pre-packed in the disc space or packed after the cage is inserted. TLIF can be used to facilitate stability in the front and back parts of the lumbar spine promoting interbody fusion in the anterior portion of the spine. Fusion in this region can be beneficial, because the anterior interbody space includes an increased area for bone to heal, as well as to handle increased forces that are distributed through this area.
Unfortunately, therein lies a problem solved by the teachings provided herein. Currently available systems can be problematic in that the methods of introducing the fusion cage and bone graft material leaves pockets in regions of the intervertebral space that are not filled with bone graft material, regions in which fusion is desired for structural support. These pockets can create a premature failure of the fused intervertebral space due to forces that are distributed through the regions containing the pockets, for example, when the patient stands and walks.
Traditional fusion cages, such as the Medtronic CAPSTONE cage, are designed to be oversized relative to the disc space to distract the disc space as the entire cage is inserted. However, this makes it difficult to insert and position properly. In response to the problem, the art has developed a number of new fusion cages, such as the Globus CALIBER cage which can be

The invention is more preferably used in a cell containing a negative electrode having hydrogen storage alloy materials of the so-called AB5-type, a common example of which is described in the basic formula MsNiAlxMn4Co3 and MsNi5(AlxMn4Co3)x wherein Ms represents a lanthanum-rich misch metal (REM), which includes various rare earth metals and wherein 2.5<r<5.0, 0<s<2.5, 0<t<0.5, and 0<u<0.5. Hydrogen absorbing alloys of this class (i.e., AB5) are disclosed, for instance, in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,216,274 (Bruning et al) and 4,375,257 (Bruning, et al).
The typical AB2-type materials, as currently envisioned, are based on TiNi2 and typically have the basic atomic structure Ni—Ti—V—Cr—Zr—X—Y wherein X and Y can be other elements of various selection. The invention is more preferably used in a cell containing a negative electrode having hydrogen storage intermetallic alloy materials of the so-called AB5-type, a common example of which are described in the basic formula MmNirCosMntAlu, wherein Mm represents a lanthanum-rich misch metal, which includes various rare earth metals, and wherein 2.5<r<5.0, 0<s<2.5, 0<t<0.5, and 0<u<0.5 and MsNiAlxMn4CO3.
Negative electrode alloys used in NiMH batteries typically comprise La, Pr and Nd as rare earth elements and Zn, Mg and Ni. Cobalt, manganese and aluminum are common additives.
The components of the NIMH battery include nickel metal grid, Ni(OH)2, nickel coated iron, potassium hydroxide electrolyte, and most importantly a nickel metal alloy powder of up to 25-30% by weight. This alloy powder has been developed to absorb considerable hydrogen and is the source of the descriptor “nickel metal hydride” battery. Under charging conditions this nickel alloy absorbs significant amounts of hydrogen as the metal hydride is formed electrochemically. Under battery discharge conditions this absorbed hydrogen reacts electrochemically back to hydroxide and water providing the electrical current of the battery. The currently most well known nickel alloy

The use of melamine in the production of flexible foams using substantially linear polyols, and preferably polyether polyols, is known (see e.g. German Offenlegungsschrift No. 2,815,554). Although foams of this type are flame-resistant and do not burn completely on exposure to a flame, they do not have the character of intumescent compositions. In other words, they do not undergo any increase in volume on exposure to a flame, forming a fire-repellent foam.
According to an earlier proposal, flame-resistant sealing compounds free from phosphorus and halogen may be produced using branched polyesters containing hydroxyl groups. Sealing compounds of this type are not intumescent, i.e., they do not foam on exposure to a flame.
In yet another proposal optionally foamed intumescent compositions are obtained by reacting:
(1) polyisocyanates with PA1 (2) phosphorus-containing condensation products having at least one hydroxyl group obtainable by condensing (i) primary or secondary, aliphatic, cycloaliphatic, aromatic, araliphatic or heterocyclic monoamines and/or polyamines, which amino or polyamine may contain OH--groups, (ii) carbonyl compounds and (iii) dialkyl phosphites, optionally followed by alkoxylation, and PA1 (3) aromatic hydroxy carboxylic acids or salts thereof and PA1 (4) optionally water and/or other organic compounds containing isocyanate-reactive hydrogen atoms. PA1 (1) polyisocyanates with PA1 (2) phosphorus-containing condensation products having at least one hydroxyl group obtainable by condensing (i) primary or secondary aliphatic, cycloaliphatic, aromatic, araliphatic or heterocyclic monoamines and/or polyamines, which mono- or polyamines optionally may contain OH--groups; (ii) carbonyl compounds; and (iii) dialkyl phosphites, optionally followed by alkoxylation, and PA1 (3) polyesters containing hydroxyl groups and having an OH--number of from 140 to 300, obtained by reacting polycarboxylic acids containing from 2 to 10 carbon atoms with at least two polyols selected from two different groups of the following three: PA1 (4) cyanuric acid and/or cyanuric acid derivatives and PA1 (5) optionally water and/or other organic compounds containing isocyanate-reactive hydrogen atoms. PA1 R represents C.sub.1 -C.sub.

The present invention generally relates to the field of the Internet. More particularly, the present invention relates to an improved system and method for identifying unique users accessing a web site.
2. Description of the Related Art
Internet commerce has become an increasingly popular form of commerce in the United States and throughout the world. In general, Internet-based commerce, often referred to as e-commerce, provides advantages to both suppliers and consumers. E-commerce provides vendors and service providers the ability to greatly increase their sales channel and distribution network with minimal cost. An Internet commerce site provides a convenient, effective and secure mechanism for potential buyers to browse, select and purchase goods or services in an easy and simple fashion.
An important consideration for owners and/or operators of web sites, which have been designed to handle Internet commerce, is the amount of web traffic flowing through the site. There are various metrics used to measure web traffic. Various web traffic analysis and tracking software is available to provide the owners and/or operators of web sites with detailed statistics. One commonly used metric, for example, is the number of web page accesses or web hits on a page of a web site. Many Internet sites display a counter to show the number of visitors since last counter reset. The number of web hits per page, measured over a given time period, may have a significant impact on the advertising revenues generated by the web site.
Web site logs and other software designed to measure and analyze web traffic, can provide a wealth of additional information regarding the user. For example, it may include detail such as the operating system of user's computer, web browser software used to access web site, hourly/daily/weekly frequency distribution of web hits, Internet Provider (IP) address of user, country of registration for the user's Internet Service Provider (ISP), etc.
Although it has been possible to get detailed statistics referenced above, such as the number of raw hits per web site, the data collected is often incorrect, inadequate and often misleading. Up to now, it has been difficult to accurately identify and count the number of clients accessing a web site. For example, raw hit data shows the number of times each file has been requested at a web site. It can give an idea of the number of clients visiting a web site. However, it may not be able to disclose further detail. Assuming 1,000 hits were recorded on a web site, the raw hit data may not be able to report whether the hits were generated by 10 visitors racking up 100 hits a

One approach that has been employed to address these conflicting aspects of high-voltage capacitor realization in CMOS ICs is to stack a pair of FETs with source/drain contacts connected together, or a pair of MOS capacitors, in series by forming each capacitor structure so that they share a contact in the form of a well of semiconductive material. FIG. 2 is an exemplary schematic diagram of a high-voltage capacitor 200 formed from two MOS capacitor structures 205 and 210, in accordance with the prior art. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,926,064, entitled “Floating Gate MOS Capacitor” and issued to Hariton describes a voltage-independent capacitor circuit analogous to that of FIG. 2 and describes the associated biasing circuitry required for such.
Each of the MOS capacitor structures 205 and 210 of FIG. 2 is illustrated as comprising a PMOS FET-like structure having a respective externally accessible capacitor electrode 212, 214, a floating gate 231 and control electrode 232, source/drain electrodes or power electrodes 215, a channel 220 electrically coupling the source/drain electrodes 215 of each structure 205 or 210, and a body or well contact 225. In each of the structures 205 or 210, the gate structure includes a dielectric 230 such as a conventional gate oxide, and is capacitively coupled to the source/drain electrodes 215 and channel 220 through the dielectric 230.
Each FET structure 205, 210 is shown as comprising a floating-gate electrode 231 formed on a first portion of the dielectric layer 230 and a control-gate electrode, 232, formed on and separated from the floating-gate electrode 231 by a second portion of the dielectric layer 230. Conventional floating-gate transistors incorporate separate floating gate 231 and control gate 232 structures, with only the control gate 232 typically being electrically accessible.
A conventional stacked capacitor 200 is formed by interconnecting one of the source/drain contacts 215 from each of the FETs at a common intercapacitor node 235 and employing the control-gate electrodes 212 and 214, respectively, as the first 115 and second 125 capacitor electrodes (FIG. 1). One issue with such stacked capacitors 200 is that conventional MOS or floating-gate transistor structures have no means for adjusting charge on common node 235, and, consequently, are unable to avoid one of the two structures 205, 210 carrying a disproportionate amount of the voltage impressed across the electrodes 212, 214.
Furthermore, the semiconductive structure forming the common source/drain region has leakage

Measurement of gas permeability through membranes requires extremely sensitive gas detectors or sensors, for the quantities of measured gas are frequently quite low. It is therefore extremely important that the entire system involved in such measurements be maintained under tightly sealed conditions, particularly with respect to all of the gas flow passages leading to the gas detector. Prior art permeability measuring instruments typically utilize hoses or tubing to interconnect the necessary instrumentation, wherein each of the connecting junctions is susceptible to leakage. Since the performance of these instruments can be critically degraded by gas leakage, it is important to the design of such instruments to provide a minimum number of connections in the gas flow path.
It is also known in the prior art to construct gas permeability sensors operating under various conditions of relative humidity of the gas. Relative humidity becomes an important factor in measuring gas permeability through membranes, because the permeability of certain membranes is affected by the relative humidity of the membrane and the surrounding gas. Measuring gas permeability under conditions of high relative humidity is exceedingly difficult to accomplish, because relative humidity and temperature are closely interrelated, and it therefore becomes necessary to maintain precise control over temperature if permeability is to be measured under relatively high humidity conditions. Under these conditions it is necessary to control temperature of all of the gas flow paths in the system, for a 1.degree. C. change in temperature can easily result in a 5% change in relative humidity. Furthermore, under high relative humidity conditions a slight decrease in temperature can cause immediate condensation of the gas, resulting in liquid accumulation in the gas flow passages. Therefore it becomes extremely important to control the temperature of the entire measurement system whenever permeability measurements are desired with respect to humid gases.
Among the systems devised in the prior art for measuring permeability are a line of products manufactured by the assignee of the present invention under the general model designation "OX-TRAN." These systems have proved very effective for measuring gas permeability under widely varying conditions, although permeability measurements under high humidity conditions have necessitated relatively expensive and complex improvements to the basic system models. Examples of patented prior art technology can be found in U.S. Pat. No. 3,590,634 "Instrument for Determining Permeation Rates Through a Membrane," which describes a simple permeation r measuring device utilizing dry gases. U.S. Pat. No. 4,464,927 "Apparatus for Measuring Gas Transmission Through Films," Aug. 14, 1984, describes another simple measuring device utilizing multiple permeation cells.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,852,

The present invention relates to a preservative-bearing gelatinous material and method of using same to preserve wooden railroad cross ties.
Wooden railroad cross ties are made decay resistant by forcing a material such as creosote into the wood cell structure under relatively high pressure. This protects the exterior wood layer but the interior is not penetrated by the creosote and is subject to attack by decay fungi whenever the exterior layer is split, cracked, abraded away or otherwise structurally compromised. Penetration of the treated exterior is common after extended service use as a result of weathering and also as a result of what is known as spike kill and plate cut.
Weathering typically causes weather checking in the form of splits or cracks running in the direction of the wood grain. These cracks provide passages for moisture to travel under the tie plate supporting the rail and into the tie spike holes and checks.
Spike kill is the mechanical enlargement of spike holes caused by cyclical train loadings on the rail, the spike and the tie plate, the relative movement between these components eventually enlarges the spike hole and exposes the untreated tie wood. This relative movement also causes plate cut, which wears or cuts away the tie at the interface between the tie plate and tie. This action tends to abrade away the treated exterior wood layer and exposes the tie interior to the intrusion of moisture and fungi spores.
Soon after railroad ties are put into service moisture sites become established, particularly in the central portion of the interface between the tie and the tie plate. This central portion never seems to dry. As a consequence, the presence of moisture and the temperature elevation brought on by exposure to the sun serve as an incubator for the growth of decay fungi. The natural balance of food, moisture and temperature accelerates destruction of the wood cells and exaggerates spike kill and plate cut in a cycle which eventually results in premature failure and costly replacement of the ties.
Osmose Incorporated, in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,236,711 and 5,043,225, disclosed in its summary of the invention xe2x80x9ca thin preservative-bearing pad that is placed between the cross tie and the tie plate either at the time of the original laying of rail or during any subsequent relaying.xe2x80x9d The pad consists of a suspension of a water-soluble fungicide in a binder sandwiched between two layers of a porous hydrophilic backing material. The use of the pad relies on the omni-present

Tumor formation and ligand-specific focus formation was found when the serotonin 1c receptor was placed into NIH-3T3 cells and stimulated with a receptor specific ligand. Julius, et al., Science, 244:1057-1062 (1989). Serotonin stimulation of the transfected 5HT1c receptors resulted in mobilization of calcium, leading to a proposed link between receptor activation of the signal pathway and the biologic function of tumor formation.
A similar outcome was seen when an adrenergic alpha-1B receptor was put into NIH-3T3 and Rat-1 cells. Allen, et at., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 88:11354-11358 (1991). In that experiment, catecholamine stimulation of the transfected receptor produced foci formation and increased cellular proliferation in culture as well as tumorigenic behavior in nude mice. Allen, et al. further demonstrated the functional coupling of the transfected receptor to production of total inositol phosphates which can secondarily cause internal release and influx of calcium, suggesting a link between these signal transduction pathways and the malignant response.
Lastly, transfection of the odd-numbered muscarinic receptors into NIH-3T3 cells has been shown to stimulate internal calcium release and uptake, arachidonic acid release, and generation of inositol phosphates. See, Bonner, et al., Neuron, 1:403-410 (1988), Gutkind, et at., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA, 88:4703-4703 (1991), Conklin, et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA, 85:8698-8702 (1988), and Felder, et al., J. Pharmachol. Exp. Ther., 255:1140-1147 (1990). Additionally, ligand activation of the m1, m3, and m5 subtype muscarinic receptors resulted in tumorigenic foci formation in vitro.
Association of the products of the arachidonic acid cascade and generation or inhibition of malignancy has also been documented. Prostaglandins have been implicated in the initiation and promotion of malignancy. Honn, et at., Prostaglandin 21:833-864 (1981). In these experiments, phorbol esters stimulated the production of PGE.sub.2 and PGF.sub.2a which could be selectively inhibited by treatment with the cyclooxygenase inhibitor, indomethacin. Pharmacologic manipulation of prostaglandin synthesis in animal models led to

This invention relates to the process of gridding vases/containers, specifically to such vases/containers which are used by hobbyists and professionals alike to assist and expedite the development and shape of a floral arrangement and to assist in securing the original shape of the arrangement during handling, delivery and installation.
2. Prior Art
Retail florists commonly begin an arrangement by placing a criss-cross pattern of floral adhesive tape across the opening of the vessel, over the lip and down approximately ¼ inch to ½ inch onto the outside of the chosen vessel. The grid is then secured to the vase by tightly wrapping another piece of floral adhesive tape around the outside circumference of the lip of the vessel to bind the tape endings to the outside rim of the container, thus holding the grid work in place.
The size of the voids created by the grid is determined by the preference of the floral designer. Some designers prefer a grid with larger, fewer apertures. While others prefer a smaller, tighter net. Consequently, the ability to vary the size of the apertures and the ability to adapt the gridding to many different sizes and shapes of containers are two very important qualities.
Such a grid is an important means of keeping the stem insertions in place while the arrangement is being developed. The grid also assists in keeping the stems in place during the jostling of the finished product during the delivery process and the installation of the floral piece to its final destination. The strength and durability of the grid is obviously also very important.
Originally the reticular of tape was applied by hand, one piece at a time; first as strips of tape in one direction across the opening. Then, repeating the process in the opposite direction across the opening to eventually form a reticular or fish net pattern of tape over the entire opening. The ends of the strips are bent down over the lip and onto the outside edge of the opening. The net of tape is secured by manually running another piece of adhesive tape very tightly around the outside edge of the container/vase. In essence, the net of tape supports the stems and helps to keep the stems from flopping around during the process of building the arrangement and also during the delivery and installation processes.
Industry professionals commonly use two different styles of floral adhesive tape. The two most popular adhesives are:                #1-a clear scotch tape style        #2-a floral tape that is solid dark green on the outside surface with a white adhesive underneath.Both are produced on rolls

This invention relates generally to wireless communication devices and more particularly to radio frequency transmitters used within such wireless communication systems.
2. Description of Related Art
Communication systems are known to support wireless and wire lined communications between wireless and/or wire lined communication devices. Such communication systems range from national and/or international cellular telephone systems to the Internet to point-to-point in-home wireless networks. Each type of communication system is constructed, and hence operates, in accordance with one or more communication standards. For instance, wireless communication systems may operate in accordance with one or more standards including, but not limited to, IEEE 802.11, Bluetooth, advanced mobile phone services (AMPS), digital AMPS, global system for mobile communications (GSM), code division multiple access (CDMA), local multi-point distribution systems (LMDS), multi-channel-multi-point distribution systems (MMDS), and/or variations thereof.
Depending on the type of wireless communication system, a wireless communication device, such as a cellular telephone, two-way radio, personal digital assistant (PDA), personal computer (PC), laptop computer, home entertainment equipment, et cetera communicates directly or indirectly with other wireless communication devices. For direct communications (also known as point-to-point communications), the participating wireless communication devices tune their receivers and transmitters to the same channel or channels (e.g., one of the plurality of radio frequency (RF) carriers of the wireless communication system) and communicate over that channel(s). For indirect wireless communications, each wireless communication device communicates directly with an associated base station (e.g., for cellular services) and/or an associated access point (e.g., for an in-home or in-building wireless network) via an assigned channel. To complete a communication connection between the wireless communication devices, the associated base stations and/or associated access points communicate with each other directly, via a system controller, via the public switch telephone network, via the Internet, and/or via some other wide area network.
For each wireless communication device to participate in wireless communications, it includes a built-in radio transceiver (i.e., receiver and transmitter) or is coupled to an associated radio transceiver (e.g., a station for in-home and/or in-building wireless communication networks, RF modem, etc.). As is known, the transmitter includes a data modulation stage, one or more intermediate frequency stages, and a power amplifier. The data modulation stage

To display the list of available buyer and seller checking accounts via the LCD display, an electronic message is sent from a data processing center or other processor back to the personal identification apparatus. This additional signal transmission, which occurs for each transaction, is time consuming and represents inefficient use of network bandwidth, as this extra messaging may further clutter already congested networks.
Alternatively, to select an account, a user employs the keypad to enter a code, corresponding to a desired account. However, requiring users to remember and enter index codes is relatively user-unfriendly, awkward, error-prone, and slow.
Patents related to U.S. Pat. No. 6,581,042 include the following by Pare, Jr., et al.: U.S. Pat. No. 6,269,348, entitled, TOKENLESS BIOMETRIC ELECTRONIC DEBIT AND CREDIT TRANSACTIONS; U.S. Pat. No. 5,838,812, entitled TOKENLESS BIOMETRIC TRANSACTION AUTHORIZATION SYSTEM; U.S. Pat. No. 5,764,789, entitled TOKENLESS BIOMETRIC ATM ACCESS SYSTEM; U.S. Pat. No. 6,192,142, entitled TOKENLESS BIOMETRIC ELECTRONIC STORED VALUE TRANSACTIONS; and associated parent patents. Generally, these systems suffer from many of the aforementioned shortcomings of U.S. Pat. No. 6,581,042 and may further require use of an additional Personal Identification Number (PIN) that is manually entered via a keypad or other data-entry device. Unfortunately, users often forget pin codes, especially when users have several accounts, each having different codes.
Hence, in addition to requiring that users provide biometric samples, existing biometric transaction systems often require buyers and sellers to manually enter input identification codes and to manually select accounts and to approve or cancel transactions. However, such additional user input may be inconvenient and may delay shopping lines.
Furthermore, existing systems may require excessive additional infrastructure, such as processors, devices, and communication lines. The systems often do not maximize use of existing credit and ATM networks, terminals, machines, and other infrastructure. Furthermore, existing authentication and payment systems, ranging from smart cards to tokenless systems, often lack mechanisms to significantly reduce overall time required to transact business. Consequently, implement.
Hence, a need

Citrus fruits have long been recognized as valuable sources of important nutrients. More recently, health benefits and disease-retarding or -treating benefits of citrus sources have come to be more fully recognized as advantageous and beneficial when ingested. Accordingly, there is a general belief that increasing the intake of citrus-originating foods is a beneficial and important objective in the overall scheme of human health. Citrus fruits also are enjoyed by many consumers simply because they are flavorful.
One convenient way to ingest citrus products is in the form of juice. Juice can be made easily and can be transported and consumed conveniently. Fresh, or ‘not-from-concentrate’ juice, is prized for its flavor and quality. Juice also can be concentrated and then reconstituted at the consumer's convenience. Concentrated juice also is distributed from the source to consumer in an efficient and cost-effective way. Also, juice may be more easily consumed than fruit by persons who have difficulty eating solid foods.
However, some consumers dislike certain characteristics of citrus juices, such as bitterness, acidity, off-flavor notes, astringency, browning, and a thick consistency. All citrus fruits, including grapefruits, oranges, tangerines, limes, and lemons, can present these concerns. Some consumers prefer juices that have a low level of sweetness, whereas others prefer a very sweet product. Further, it often is difficult to achieve consistency in the flavor characteristics, for example, from early in the season to late in the season.
Bitterness often is a primary concern for consumers. A low level of bitterness may provide a desirable contribution to the organoleptic properties and characteristics of juice for many consumers. Such consumers enjoy the piquant flavor note of a low level of bitterness. However, most consumers also agree that excessive bitterness adversely affects the organoleptic properties and characteristics of juice, making it unpleasant to consume. Consumers often also associate bitterness with lack of freshness, with concentrated juice, and/or with lower quality juice.
Bitter flavors are found in each kind of citrus fruits in varying quantities. There are differences in the concentrations of these flavors between cultivars of the same fruit and between fruits of the same cultivar from early in the season to late in the season. Therefore, the source of the fruit, the time of the season, and other variables, affect the concentrations of bitter flavors in fruit.
Astringency is a characteristic of juices, particularly citrus juices, that consumers

In the present invention, adduct formation is prevented/minimized by performing at least one of the following steps in a process for making copolymers from tertiary amino monomers and vinyl-functional monomers:
1. Avoid formation of adduct by separating the tertiary amino monomer (e.g. dimethylaminoethyl(meth)acrylate) from the vinyl-functional monomer prior to polymerization.
2. Avoid formation of adduct by avoiding contact of water with a mixture of the tertiary amino monomer and the vinyl-functional monomer prior to polymerization.
3. Conduct polymerization at a high temperature (typically about 70 to about 90xc2x0 C., preferably about 80 to about 90xc2x0 C.) and at a suitable pH (typically about 3 to about 10, preferably about 4 to about 8, most preferably about 4 to about 6) to cause the adduct formed to be unstable and revert to monomers. Thus, monomers bound by the adduct will be liberated to copolymerize.
Preferably, acid, e.g., mineral acid or citric acid, which is one of the reactants is fed to the reactor before the monomers.
Thus, the present invention provides methods for making compositions for hand dishwashing, personal care, particularly hand soaps, body washes, shampoos, shaving creams, shaving gels and dephiliatories, which have improved foam retention, improved oil field chemicals, agricultural chemicals, fire-fighting foam, detergents, mining chemicals, flocculants and coagulants.
The present process has many advantages. Conventional processes attempt to reduce monomers by employing high initiator concentration and long reaction times. In contrast, the present invention reduces monomer with less initiator and less reaction time than conventional processes for producing low residual monomer polymers. This saves processing time conventionally needed to react residual monomers and saves energy. Also, the present process has a synergistic benefit because the lower concentration of ingredients causes adducts to dissociate faster in the present process.
These and other objects, features and advantages will become apparent to those of ordinary skill in the art from a reading of the following detailed description and the appended claims.
All percentages, ratios and proportions herein are by weight, unless otherwise specified. All temperatures are in degrees Celsius (xc2x0 C.) unless otherwise specified. All documents cited are, in relevant part, incorporated herein by reference in their entirety.
Additional background on compositions and methods of use is provided by PCT International Application Nos. PCT/US98/24853, PCT

Wire bonding and flip-chip interconnection are two schemes used for making contact to the die bond pads. In wire bonding, the die is attached to a substrate in a face-upwards orientation and fine wire is connected to each bond pad by a solid state joining method such as ultrasonic welding or thermo-compression diffusion bonding. In flip-chip interconnection, lumps of metal are placed on each bond pad. The die is then inverted so the metal lumps provide both the electrical pathway between the bond pads and the substrate as well as the mechanical attachment of the die to the substrate. There are many variations of the flip-chip process, but one common configuration is to use solder for the lumps of metal and fusion of the solder as the method of fastening it to the bond pads and the substrate. When it melts the solder flows to form truncated spheres. Depending on the dimensions of the solder sphere this is referred to as a ball grid array (BGA) interface or a micro ball grid array (μBGA) interface.
Semiconductor devices used as image sensors usually require a face-up orientation such that the scene of interest can be focused (or projected) on the active circuitry. For commercial reasons, it is often desirable that the die are connected to the substrate using a BGA or μBGA interface.
One approach to connect the die bond pads on the front face of the die to a BGA interface on the rear face of the die is to provide wiring traces that extends from the die bond pads over the front face of the die, down the sides of the die and onto the rear face of the die. This type of lead contact is often referred to as a “T-style contact” because the wiring trace on the edge of the die and the wiring trace on the front face of the die appears to form a “T” where they join. FIGS. 2a and 2b illustrate an example of a T-style contact.
FIG. 2a shows a schematic frontal 200 view and FIG. 2b a cross-sectional view 250 of a single T-style contact of a semiconductor package. The die is drawn upside down so the front face 201/251 is towards the bottom of the page and the rear face 202/252 towards the top of the page. A bond pad 203/253 on the front face connects to the wiring trace 204/254 on the edge of the die. The wiring trace continues to a land 205/255 on the rear face, where it joins

Referring to FIG. 1, when the engine is operating normally and coolant is in the water jacket(s), the temperature inside the water jacket Tw remains lower than a predetermined high temperature or threshold temperature Tlim (85.degree. C. in FIG. 1). When the engine is shut off, however, the coolant drains from the jacket. In addition, the temperature To of the lubricant contained in the oil pan is still high for some time after the engine is stopped. Because the lubricant temperature To is around 130.degree. C. when the engine is running and the temperature To is hard to fall down. Since no coolant remains in the water jacket and the lubricant temperature To is high, the temperature in the jacket rises immediately after the engine has been stopped. The temperature may rise to a point well above the predetermined high temperature Tlim. Then, with the lubricant temperature To falling down, the temperature inside the water jacket Tw falls back below the temperature Tlim.
If the engine is subsequently restarted before the temperature in the jacket Tw falls back below the temperature Tlim, the overheat detection system will indicate that the engine is overheated. This is due primarily because coolant is not yet being supplied to the cooling jacket(s).
In order to prevent the wrong determination of overheat from being occurring when the engine is restarted immediately after being stopped, one idea may be proposed wherein no overheat detection is made during a predetermined time after the engine is started. FIG. 2 shows a flowchart of an overheat detection routine in accordance with this idea as an example.
Immediately after the engine is started, the program goes to a step S1 and checks if an overheat sensor (thermal switch) is on or off. If it is on, i.e., the temperature inside the water jacket Tw is higher than the predetermined high temperature Tlim, the program goes to a step S2 to determine if the engine has been just started or not. This state is represented by that the engine speed is less than 2000 rpm. If this is negative, the program goes to a step S3 and prevents an overheat signal from being output for 20 seconds. Then, the program goes to a step S4 to check again with the overheat sensor if it is still on. If it is positive, the program permits to output an overheat signal in a step S6. Meanwhile, if the engine speed is equal to or greater than 2000 rpm in the step S2,

An external force detecting device, such as an optical six-axis force sensor, has been conventionally known, in which a positional displacement of a force receiving member (i.e., measurement segment) to receive an external force applied relative to a static member (i.e., reference segment) is sensed by an optical displacement sensor, and the external force applied is calculated according to a signal outputted from the optical displacement sensor.
For example, in an optical six-axis force sensor, an external force applied is calculated with respect to six axis directions according to displacements generated in the six directions, and therefore optical displacement sensors are provided so as to measure the displacements in the six axis directions. The optical six-axis force sensor as described above includes three optical displacement sensors each of which is adapted to measure displacements in the two axis directions X and Y.
Each of such optical displacement sensors includes a light emitting diode (LED) as a light source, and a photo diode (PD) array as a light receiving element disposed opposite to the LED on a common optical axis, wherein the PD array is composed of four PDs, and light emitted from the LED is arranged to impinge on the PD array at its center area equally shared by the four PDs. In the optical displacement sensor, the positional displacement of light received at the PD array can be detected, that is to say, the relative positional displacement between a portion of the sensor having the LED attached thereto and a portion of the sensor having the PD array attached thereto can be detected. In the optical six-axis force sensor, a six-axis force is calculated according to respective outputs from the three optical displacement sensors.
Conventionally, in a six-axis force sensor using three optical displacement sensors, a light source and a light receiving element must be provided at each optical displacement sensor thus requiring a plurality (three) of light sources, which results in increased power consumption. To overcome this problem, Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 2005-156456 discloses a six-axis force sensor incorporating a trifurcate optical fiber which has one light entrance end and three light exit ends, and a light beam emitted from a light source is introduced into the trifurcate optical fiber from the one entrance end and split into three light beams to take three separate optical paths and to exit out from respective exit ends so as to impinge on three separate light receiving elements, respectively, thus requiring only one light source.
In the disclosed six-axis force sensor described

The present invention relates to a liquid biocidal composition containing (a) formaldehyde adduct compounds and (b) an isothiazolone, which is intended to provide synergistic biocidal. activity against bacteria and fungi. More particularly, the present invention relates to the use of a biocide composition which includes formaldehyde adduct compounds and 1,2- benzisothiazolin-3-one.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Synergistic biological activity exists when the combination of lesser quantities of two biocidal agents results in an equal or greater inhibitory effect than is achieved by the use of either agent acting alone. The synergistic interaction of two or more antimicrobial agents produces an effect that is more than additive in its resultant biological activity.
Formaldehyde adduct compounds are known biocides; their proposed biological target is the cell wall of susceptible microorganisms (S. P. Denyer, 1990. Mechanisms of action of biocides. International Biodeterioration, 26:89). Examples of such adduct compounds includeN-methyl-2-hydroxymethyleneoxypropyl-2xe2x80x2-hydroxypropylamineanditsformaldehyde oligomers (manufactured by Creanova Inc., Somerset, N. J. under the trademark NUOSEPT(copyright) 145, hereinafter xe2x80x9cNMPFAxe2x80x9d); oxazolidines such as (4,4-dimethyloxazolidine, manufactured by Creanova Inc. under the trademark NUOSEPT(copyright) 101, hereinafter xe2x80x9cDMOxe2x80x9d), mixtures of bicyclic oxazolidines (such as (5-hydroxymethoxymethyl-1-aza-3,7-dioxabicyclo(3.3.0) octane,5-hydroxymethyl-1-aza-3,7-dioxabicyclo(3.3.0)octane,5-hydroxypoly[methyleneoxy-methyl-1-aza-3,7-dioxabicyclo (3.3.0) octane; manufactured by Creanova Inc. under the trademark NUOSEPT(copyright) 95, hereinafter xe2x80x9cMBOxe2x80x9d; and 2-[(hydroxymethyl) amino]ethanol, (manufactured by Creanova Inc. under the trade mark NUOSEPT(copyright) 91,

The Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS) is a third-generation (3G) mobile phone technology standardized first by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) and now by the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP). UMTS carries both circuit switched (CS) and packet switched (PS) traffic using Wideband Code Division Multiple Access (W-CDMA) as its air interface. The description of the network components and protocols used in UMTS are well known to those of ordinary skill in the art and are available to the public from 3GPP, ETSI, and other sources. The UMTS network architecture consists of three domains: Core Network (CN), UMTS Terrestrial Radio Access Network (UTRAN), and User Equipment (UE).
The Core Network provides switching and routing for user traffic and provides network management functions. The Core Network architecture is based on the GSM network with GPRS. The UTRAN provides the air interface access to subscribers' UE. Base stations in the UTRAN are referred as Node-Bs, and the control equipment for the Node-Bs is called a Radio Network Controller (RNC). The UMTS User Equipment communicates via the WCDMA air interface to the Node-Bs. The UE may be attached to either the PS domain or CS domain or both. The UE is capable of simultaneously using PS services and CS services.
The Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) is used for data transmission in UMTS. The ATM layer multiplexes and demultiplexes and routes ATM cells, and ensures their sequence from end to end. The ATM Adaptation Layers (AAL) are responsible for the creation and reception of payloads through the lower layers of ATM on behalf of different applications. ATM Adaptation Layer type 2 (AAL2) handles circuit-switched connections and packet connection protocol AAL5 is designed for data delivery.
One disadvantage of the prior art is the difficulty in evaluating service levels for individual subscribers. Because multiple UEs are communicating with Node Bs and RNCs at the same time, thousands of data and control messages per second can be passed between a Node B and an RNC and between RNCs. These messages follow several different protocol formats depending upon the purpose of the message. As a result, the messages passing on interfaces in the UTRAN do not provide sufficient information to determine which messages are related to the same subscriber.
A second disadvantage of the prior art is the lack of a

This invention relates generally to the detection of conductors near inductive coupling loops, and more specifically to the detection of cookware on a cooktop or heating surface and determination of the size and/or the temperature of the cookware located thereon.
Cookware detection, size determination, and temperature determination features for induction heating cooking appliances provide added convenience to usera as well as allowing an added level of safety to be incorporated into cooking surface control schemes. For example, in some induction cooktops, power is disabled to heating elements until a presence of an item of cookware is detected on the cooktop, therfore providing automatic power control to heating elements while conserving energy and at least partially reducing a likelihood of injury from contact with unoccupied heating elements.
In at least one known pan detection system, an induction coil is used and the presence of an item of cookware on the cooking surface induces frequency changes detected in a detection circuit coupled to the controls for operating heating elements. However, electronic components used in such applications are sensitive to heat degradation because the heat generated in a cooking surface environment changes electronic components values and tolerances over time. In addition, during cooking cycles, the electronic components are exposed to fluctuating heat generated in the cooking elements so electronic component values and characteristics fluctuate during the cooking cycle. As applied to the known detection systems, the heat fluctuation in the cooking environment, and thus the fluctuations in component value, induces fluctuations in a detected frequency in the detection circuit. These fluctuations in frequency require a sophisticated control circuit with a particular bandwidth to accurately detect presence of cookware and to control heating elements accordingly.
Accordingly, it would therefore be desirable to provide a circuit for accurately detecting cookware presence and size for an induction based cooking system that is not based upon frequency change as the detection mechanism, thereby eliminating the problems associated with fluctuating component values induced by exposure to heat in the cooking environment.
In an exemplary embodiment of the invention, a method of detecting the presence of a conductor, for example a piece of cookware, near an inductive coupling loop includes the steps of introducing an excitation signal to a coupling loop, measuring the amount of signal distortion induced in the coupling loop by the excitation signal, and monitoring the harmonic content of the distorted signal.
The inductive coupling loop is located within a cooking surface or cooktop, near a heating element. A signal generating circuit is used to generate an excitation signal that is applied to the coupling loop. The effect of a conductor, such as a piece of cookware, is to distort the excitation signal

Regenerative amplifiers are generally used to provide relatively strong amplification of laser pulses. Multiple passes through the gain medium are achieved by placing the gain medium in an optical resonator, together with an optical switch that may be formed by an electro-optic modulator and one or more polarizers. The number of round trips in the resonator is controlled with the optical switch and, when this number is large, a high overall amplification factor (i.e., gain) can be achieved.
While these regenerative amplifiers provide significant gain, they are often difficult to implement due to their complex cavities. Moreover, switching of the laser pulses within the cavity usually decreases the achievable pulse energies or beam due to nonlinear propagation effects within the switch. Additionally, regenerative amplifiers, under some operating conditions, suffer from chaotic or multi-stable operation. In these operating conditions, the residual gain in the gain medium after energy extraction significantly affects the gain that can be imparted on a subsequent signal pulse. Regenerative amplifiers also generally amplify one pulse at a time. Therefore, the repetition rate of the laser system is less than the reciprocal of the time between the injection and ejection of each amplified pulse.
Another concern in high power laser systems regards heat. High average power laser systems typically produce heat and most laser architectures are designed with this in mind because high temperatures within a gain medium can reduce gain and/or cause thermo-mechanical strains that result in stress-induced birefringence. Temperature distributions in a gain medium can also lead to phase distortions which result in poor laser beam quality. At more extreme temperatures, damage to the gain material or optical coatings can occur. High temperatures within a laser system can also lead to mechanical movements that result in optical misalignment.
In order to efficiently extract heat from a solid gain medium, the fraction of cooled surface area per heated volume is generally maximized. Two geometries that have been used for high power laser systems include fibers and thin disks. In the case of fibers, two dimensions are minimized and one dimension is maximized so that a large surface area to volume ratio can be obtained for efficient cooling. Additionally, fiber amplifier geometries support very large gain-length products. Fiber amplifiers, however, are not optimal for high-power short pulses because high intensities may result from transmission of laser pulse energy through a very small cross section of an optical fiber. For high pulse powers and small cross-sections, the peak intensity can be extremely high and lead to deleterious nonlinear propagation effects.
One solution for thermal management of pulsed laser operation

1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates in general to treadmills and in particular to an improved shock absorbing treadmill which provides in use reduced landing forces to a runner's foot while simultaneously providing a substantially flat, stable running surface.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The art has provided treadmills in response to demand of walkers, joggers and runners and the medical profession for a device which may be used, especially indoors, for exercise where outdoor walking, jogging or running is not enjoyable or practical. A problem with running or jogging as an exercise to strengthen the cardiovascular system relates to the possibility of impact injury to feet, ankles and knees caused by the force of the runner's foot striking an unyielding surface, such as street pavement. Prior treadmill designs have recognized this problem and have attempted to solve it in a number of ways. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 4,614,337 of Schomenberger discloses a treadmill with a flat top surface covered with a resilient surface such as foam rubber, carpeting or the like. Another example is U.S. Pat. No. 4,548,405 to Lee et al which discloses a trampoline like top surface for a treadmill.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,350,336 to Hanford provides a treadmill having a frame to which rollers are attached which carry an endless tread belt. The belt moves above a platform disposed beneath the running portion of the belt. The platform is supported by longitudinal platform rails which are supported at one end by a lateral frame member which is secured to the frame. The platform is supported at its other end by shock absorbing members attached to the longitudina1 rails. The shock absorbing member may be moved longitudinally with respect to the frame. The shock absorbing member absorbs shock directly of the platform as a runner exercises on the treadmill belt above. The platform flexes longitudinally as it pivots at one end and is shock absorbingly supported at its other end.
Although an admirable improvement in the art of shock absorbing treadmills, the Hanford treadmill does not provide an adequately stable running surface. The platform is shock absorbingly supported, but the endless tread belt is not. The belt rollers are both supported directly by the frame. As a result, the belt runs over the platform with sufficient slack in it to allow the platform beneath it to move downwardly in response to the impact of a runner's foot. The slack in the

prescription eyeglass lenses are curved in such a way that light is correctly focused onto the retina of a patient's eye, improving vision. Such lenses are formed from glass or plastic lens “blanks” having certain desired properties to provide the correct prescription for the patient. The blanks are usually circular and of substantially larger dimension, for example 70 mm in diameter and 10 mm thick, compared to the relatively smaller finished lenses assembled into eyeglass frames. Therefore, a lens blank must be edged to fit an eyeglass frame selected by the patient.
Ophthalmic laboratory technicians cut, grind, edge, and polish blanks according to prescriptions provided by dispensing opticians, optometrists, or ophthalmologists. In addition, the large diameter blank is sized and shaped to fit into the frame selected by the patient. The lens blank may be shaped using an edger, such as the lens edger disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,203,409 to Kennedy et al., the disclosure of which is incorporated herein by reference. The blank is edged so that the periphery of the finished lens fits the frame.
As known in the art, edging of a lens blank typically requires the application of a block to a surface thereof. The block is releasably secured to a clamp assembly, so that rotation of the clamp assembly causes corresponding rotation of the lens blank. The periphery of the blank is cut to the desired size using a router tool. The periphery may also be polished using a polishing tool. A bevel is often formed about the periphery of the lens, particularly adjacent the wearer. A combination tool incorporating a router and polishing hub may be used, as disclosed in the '409 patent.
The finished lens may then be assembled with the selected eyeglass frames. The frames include two spaced openings in which the finished lenses are mounted. The frame openings frequently have a bevel or a tongue, which interlocks with a complementarily shaped bevel or groove, respectively, formed about the peripheral edge of the lens. The interlock between the complementary bevel and groove helps to secure the lens within the opening of the frames. The router and polishing tools on the edger form the bevel or groove about the lens.
The configuration of the bevel or groove that is edged into the peripheral edge of the lens may vary depending on the configuration of the bevel or tongue in the frame openings. Therefore, various router and polishing tools are provided for forming different bevel or groove configurations

The invention relates generally to coke oven batteries. Of particular interest to the invention is an arrangement for changing the heat supply to the ovens of a coke oven battery from a condition of extreme heating, that is, a condition in which large quantities of heat are supplied to the ovens, to a condition of lesser or no heating, that is, a condition in which smaller quantities of heat are supplied to the ovens or in which no heat is supplied to the ovens, as well as for changing the heat supply in the opposite sense.
An arrangement for changing the heat supply to the ovens of a coke oven battery is known and includes a control linkage which extends around the battery. This control linkage is operative for changing the flow of air and hot waste gases, as well as for regulating the supply of combustion air, via air inlet valves and waste gas throttle valves which may be in the form of butterfly valves. The arraangement includes a further control linkage which operates a three-way valve provided for the decarbonizing air.
The reason that it is desirable to be able to change the heat supply to the ovens of a coke oven battery is based on the finding that savings of up to 10 percent in heating costs may be realized when, instead of providing a constant heat supply for the ovens as has been the conventional practice, the heat supply is adjusted to the state of coking of the charge by so-called programmed heating. Such adjustment of the heat supply consists in that coking of the coal is carried out using a large heat supply at the beginning of the coking operation with the heat supply being reduced towards the end of the coking operation. The regulation of the heat supply may be effected by means of a control program which operates via fuel gas and air valves, as well as waste gas valves and throttling flaps, provided for each heating wall of the coke oven battery. This control program requires relatively large expenditures for the measuring and regulating mechanisms which are necessary.
With respect to the savings in heating costs, it is especially significant that an effective heating program need not provide particularly fine control over the heat supply during the entire duration of the coking period. The reason resides in that the thermal response of an oven system is generally quite sluggish. In fact, it has been found to be adequate when phases of extreme heating alternate with phases of no heat supply whatsoever. Here, the periods for which the heat supply is interrupted become longer as the coking operation progresses.
Although the known

2. The Prior Art
In Germany, crude salt obtained from potash deposits contains up to 75% sodium chloride and various secondary components such as magnesium and calcium in the form of chlorides, sulfates and bromides.
The quality standard of the potassium chloride produced therefrom has a content of valuable substances of about 60% to 62% K.sub.2 O, which conforms to a purity of 95% to 98% potassium chloride in the finished product.
In the extraction processes, traces of heavy metals (chromium, nickel, iron, molybdenum and vanadium) may get into the salt as well, conditioned by the materials of the plant equipment.
Since the impurities are present in different orders of magnitude, the problem of product refinement is manifold. An enhancement of the product primarily means increasing the overall purity, which has to be equated to a selective reduction of certain impurities.
Furthermore, for the use of the potassium chloride in practical life, the grain size or grain distribution plays an important role. If no "narrow grain cut" is desired exclusively, the "dust-free" product is desirable. Minimizing or eliminating the finest grains, which are responsible for the formation of dust, is one of the most important objectives.
In the discussion of processes already known for the production of potassium chloride products with higher purity, the fractionated crystallization of crude salt solutions is not addressed because a purity of more than 98% cannot be obtained with these known processes.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,385,902, which corresponds to German PS 2,852,925, proposes a process for the purification of potassium chloride crystals with a potassium chloride content of more than 97.5%, by extraction with a potassium chloride-saturated solution under isothermal conditions of 20.degree. C. to 70.degree. C. In this process, the sodium chloride content of the solution has to be under 35 g/L, preferably under 15 g/L. The treatment lasts 0.5 to 18 hours, whereby the rate of extraction process highly declines as the amounts of sodium chloride extracted increase. Seventy percent of the original sodium chloride content is extracted in the first four hours; the next 20% require a time expenditure of 12 hours. The rate of the process is highly dependent upon the size and structure of the grains and can be influenced only little by raising the temperature.
In addition to reducing the sodium chloride content as the main impurity, a reduction of the magnesium, calcium and brom

Once the sixteen pound design is finalized as a result of such development and testing, lighter weight balls are produced by removing weight from the core of the sixteen pound design. Some manufacturers even change the core shape that was developed for the sixteen pound ball when making lighter weight balls in favor of any convenient shape with no regard for rotational dynamics. Weight is removed from the core as opposed to the cover stock because the resin and filler systems customarily employed to make cores can produce a much wider range of densities than the resin systems used to produce cover stock. However, removing weight from a core even while maintaining the same core shape produces bowling balls with different rotational dynamics and differing reaction characteristics.
Still another technique used to make lighter weight balls involves the use of a compound core design. Typically, this involves the use of a high density inner core and a low density outer core. With this technique, the ratio of cover density to core density that exists in a sixteen pound ball can be maintained in the ratio of the outer core density to the inner core density in the lightweight balls. Stated another way, the lightweight ball made according to this technique employs lower densities in the core to lower the weight of the ball but the cover to core density ratio is maintained. This represents a significant improvement over the method of simply removing weight from the core but even so, it fails to preserve the same rotational dynamics at ail weights. This is due to the fact that the cover stock remains of the same density for ail ball weights which in turn causes the reaction characteristics of the lighter weight balls to differ from those of the sixteen pound version.
According to the invention, the aforementioned problems with lightweight ball designs are avoided by designing lightweight balls so that they have proportionally the same relationship between their moment of inertia and the ball/lane frictional forces as a sixteen pound ball of the same family.
As is well known, the moment of inertia, which is the resistance to a change in the rotational state of an object, plays an important part in bowling ball reaction as explained more fully in U.S. Pat. No. 5,074,553. Further, dynamic or sliding fiction between the bowling ball and the surface of the bowling lane is substantially responsible for the forces which cause a ball to hook or curve as it travels down the lane. Dynamic fiction is, of course, directly proportional to the weight of the ball in the case of a bowling ball rolling on a bowling lane so that as the weight of the ball is decreased, the resulting frictional force is also decreased proportional

The invention was made with U.S. Government support under (i) Phase I SBIR N00014-93-C-0114 awarded by the Office of Naval Research (BMDO), (ii) F49620-93-C-0018 awarded by AFOSR (DARPA), and (iii) DMR-9115680 awarded by the National Science Foundation, and the Government has certain rights in the invention.
In etching we remove a film or layer from a substrate, in some instances defining the layer to be removed by photolithography. One way to etch is to immerse the substrate in a bath of some chemical that attacks the film. Preferably, the chemical should react with and etch the film or layer in a smooth and reproducible manner, producing soluble products that can be carried away from the substrate. In particular, an ideal etchant will not attack any layer underneath the film being etched, so that the etch process will be self-limiting. Unfortunately, the etching is often not self-limiting and therefore goes below the desired depth. Etch-stops are designed to address this problem.
Semiconductors have the interesting property that when they are alloyed with certain elements, the rate of wet chemical etch in the alloy will vary from that of the unalloyed semiconductor. Alloys with different etch rates can be used to cause etching to slow at a pre-defined interface. Typically, a layer with a particular composition etches at a known rate in an etchant A second adjacent layer may etch at a different rate because it has a different composition. The layer with the lower etch rate is often referred to as the etch-stop layer.
Etch-stops are used to fabricate devices for a wide variety of applications. Membranes and diaphragms formed via etch-stops are used in sensors such as pressure transducers, as elements in experimental x-ray lithography systems, as windows for high energy radiation, and as low thermal mass supports for microcalorimeter and bolometric radiation detectors. Additional uses for selective etch-stops are in micromachining applications such as accelerometers, gears, micro-beams, miniature fluid lines, pumps and valves, and in flow sensors. Another application with a potentially large commercial market is in fabricating silicon-on-insulator (SOI) substrates by the bond-and-etch-back silicon-on-insulator (BESOI) process.
Silicon-based selective

The invention is of interest to the field of medical diagnostic imaging, in which reconstruction of the internal structures of an object, such as a patient, under examination is undertaken. In particular, the invention is applicable to the reconstruction of angiographic images, that is, obtaining images of vascular systems opacified by injection of a contrast medium.
In the field of medical diagnostic imaging, two-dimensional projected images of the object, for example, a patient""s abdomen, are generally obtained by rotation of an X-ray camera around the object. In an abdominal imaging application, peristalsis is known to cause defects in the reconstructed three-dimensional images. Those defects are due to the displacement of gas bubbles between the acquisition of so-called mask images, that is, in which no contrast medium has been injected, and the acquisition of opacified images. In other words, this produces white and black regions in the subtracted images. This phenomenon is particularly disturbing for three-dimensional reconstructions from subtracted projected images, because six to ten seconds can elapse between acquisition of the series of mask images and acquisition of the corresponding series of opacified images. The first negative effect of those defects is to disturb display of the reconstructed image by reason of their superposition on the vessels in three-dimensional images. As a result, the user removes the superposition manually by using, for example, an electronic scalpel. Another undesirable effect is produced when a multiresolution approach is used for reconstruction of the three-dimensional image. In that case, the signal comprises a large quantity of voxels and can lead to the suppression of some small vessels of the region which is reconstructed at high resolution.
The invention is directed to a reduction, preferably automatically, and even a total suppression of such defects in three-dimensional image reconstruction, particularly in abdominal angiographic images.
An embodiment of the invention is a method reconstruction of a three-dimensional radiographic image of an object, comprising:
(a) acquisition of a first series of projected two-dimensional mask images of the object obtained for different positions of a means for image acquisition, e.g. a camera, around the object;
(b) acquisition of a second series of opacified projected two-dimensional images of the object obtained at the same positions of the camera around the object;
(c) elaborating a third series of subtracted projected two-dimensional images respectively obtained from the first and second series of images;
(d) reconstruction of a subtracted three-dimensional image from the third series of

The present invention relates generally to multichip modules (MCMs) that include substrates with a number of semiconductor devices positioned at different locations on the surfaces thereof and, more specifically, to multichip modules that include routing elements overlapping portions of the multichip module substrate or one or more of the semiconductor devices on the substrate. In particular, the present invention relates to a routing element that provides additional circuit traces and that may be used to decrease the lengths of circuit paths across a multichip module.
2. Background of Related Art
Multichip modules have been developed to combine the functionalities of two or more semiconductor devices on a single carrier substrate, such as a circuit board. Conventional multichip modules have included a relatively large carrier substrate with a number of different semiconductor devices occupying different regions on one or both sides thereof. The semiconductor devices may communicate with one another or be connected with terminals of the carrier substrate that, in turn, facilitate communication between the semiconductor devices of the multichip module and external electronic componentry. In either event, electrical signals are typically conveyed by circuit traces that are carried by the carrier substrate.
As the feature densities of semiconductor devices continue to increase, the number of bond pads on semiconductor devices may also increase. In addition, the ever-increasing feature densities of semiconductor devices may be accompanied by decreases in the size of semiconductor devices which, in turn, may result in multichip modules that include increased numbers of semiconductor devices, again increasing the number of bond pads for a particular carrier substrate. Thus, the carrier substrates of state of the art multichip modules must carry ever-increasing numbers of circuit traces to keep up with the ever-increasing numbers of bond pads for which the carrier substrate must provide electrical connections.
To accommodate additional circuit traces, additional conductive and dielectric layers are typically added to carrier substrates. The increase in the manufacturing cost of carrier substrates, however, does not increase a proportionate amount for each additional layer. Rather, while carrier substrates with four layers cost only about 50% more than two-layer carrier substrates, six-layer carrier substrates are about ten times as expensive as two-layer carrier substrates due to decreased yields. Similar cost increases accompany further increases in the complexity of carrier substrates. As additional layers are often added for the purpose of providing relatively few additional circuit traces, the increased cost of a carrier substrate with these additional layers is difficult to justify in this cost-competitive industry.
In addition, due to the ever increasing numbers of circuit traces that are carried upon and within

Influenza is one of the most widely spread infections worldwide. It can be deadly: an estimated 20 to 40 million people died during the 1918 influenza A virus pandemic. In the United States between 20 and 40 thousand people die from influenza A virus infection or its complications each year. During epidemics the number of influenza related hospitalizations may reach over 300,000 in a single winter season.
Several properties contribute to the epidemiological success of influenza virus. First, it is spread easily from person to person by aerosol (droplet infection). Second, small changes in influenza virus antigens are frequent (antigenic drift) so that the virus readily escapes protective immunity induced by a previous exposure to a different variant of the virus. Third, new strains of influenza virus can be easily generated by reassortment or mixing of genetic material between different strains (antigenic shift). In the case of influenza A virus, such mixing can occur between subtypes or strains that affect different species. The 1918 pandemic is thought to have been caused by a hybrid strain of virus derived from reassortment between a swine and a human influenza A virus. At present, there is a spreading concern about the potential emergence of novel influenza strains infective to humans, particularly from avian influenza variants, and more particularly from strain H5N1, by mixing in humans concurrently exposed to human and avian influenza virus. The close contact between agricultural birds and their human breeders familiar in most asian societies has experts convinced that it is not a question of whether but only when such a mixed strain will arise. A world-wide pandemic could swiftly ensue, with even graver consequences than in 1918.
Despite intensive efforts, there is still no effective therapy for influenza virus infection and existing vaccines are limited in value in part because of the properties of antigenic shift and drift described above. For these reasons, global surveillance of influenza A virus has been underway for many years, and the National Institutes of Health designates it as one of the top priority pathogens for biodefense. Although current vaccines based upon inactivated virus are able to prevent illness in approximately 70-80% of healthy individuals under age 65, this percentage is far lower in the elderly or immunocompromised. In addition, the expense and potential side effects associated with vaccine administration make this approach less than optimal. Although the antiviral drugs currently approved in the United States for treatment and/or prophylaxis of influenza are helpful, their use is limited due to concerns about side effects, compliance, and possible emergence of resistant strains.
US patent application 20040

There are different known methods of growing monocrystalline silicon and releasing or transferring the grown wafer. Regardless of the methods, a low cost epitaxial silicon deposition process and a high-volume, production-worthy low cost method of release layer formation may be prerequisites for wider use of silicon solar cells.
Porous semiconductor (PS) formation is a fairly new field with an expanding application landscape. The viability of this technology in solar applications may hinge on the ability to industrialize the process to large scale (at low cost), requiring development of very low cost-of-ownership, high-productivity porous silicon manufacturing equipment.
PS has been used in MEMS (micro-electro-mechanical systems) and related applications, where there is a higher tolerance for cost per unit area of the wafer than solar PV. The microelectronics industry achieves economy of scale through obtaining greater yield by increasing the number of die (or chips) per wafer, scaling the wafer size, and enhancing the chip functionality (or integration density) with each successive new product generation. In the solar industry, economy is achieved through the industrialization of solar cell and module manufacturing processes with low-cost, high-productivity equipment. Further economies are achieved through price reduction in raw materials through reduction of materials used per watt output of solar cells.
Some typical precursor chemistries for PS are: HF (49% in H2O typically), IPA (and/or acetic acid) and DI H2O. IPA (and/or acetic acid) serves as a surfactant and assists in the uniform creation of PS. Additional additives may be used to enhance the electrical conductivity of the electrolyte, thus reducing its heating through ohmic losses. Mixtures of HF and chemicals other than IPA can be readily employed by those skilled in the art.
In order to achieve the necessary economy for solar, process cost modeling is studied to identify and optimize equipment performance. Three categories of cost make up the total cost picture: fixed cost (FC), recurring cost (RC) and yield cost (YC). FC is made up of items such as equipment purchase price, installation cost and robotics or automation cost. RC is largely made up of electricity, gases, chemicals, operator salaries and maintenance technician support. YC may be interpreted as the total value of parts lost during production.
To achieve the cost-of-ownership (CoO) numbers required by the solar field, all aspects of the cost picture must be optimized. The qualities of a low cost process are (

For uniform heating of the layer, the NMR probe head in accordance with the invention is preferably provided with a heating means.
In a preferred further development, the heating means comprises a device for irradiating the layer with radiation in a wavelength range of 100 nmxe2x89xa6xcexxe2x89xa6100 xcexcm, in particular with heat radiation, the device being preferably disposed on the side of the room temperature pipe facing the RF receiver coil system.
Many materials which can be used to construct the room temperature pipe already absorb in the desired wavelength range such that heating up using radiation does not require a special radiation-absorbing layer.
The radiation absorbing heating layer may surround the room temperature pipe over a large area. Alternatively, the layer may be disposed about the room temperature pipe in axially extending strips disposed at a separation from one another in the peripheral direction.
One further development is particularly preferred in which the layer is electrically conducting and can be heated through application of an electric voltage.
Alternatively or additionally, a further embodiment provides that the tempering means comprises one or more heating coils of thin, in particular layered, electrically good conducting material each comprising an outgoing and return conductor. The outgoing and return conductors of the heating coils are electrically connected to one another at one end and can be supplied with heating current from a current source at the other end.
In a particularly preferred manner, the outgoing and return conductors of the heating coils are disposed bifilarly at as small a separation from one another as possible to minimize generation of a disturbing magnetic field during current flow.
In this connection, it is advantageous if the outgoing and return conductors of the heating coils consist of two longitudinal strips disposed one on top of the other which are electrically insulated from one another by an insulation layer or insulation strip.
A further development is particularly preferred with which the outgoing and return conductors of the heating coils are made from materials having different magnetic susceptibilities and which are selected such that each overall heating coil is magnetically compensated towards the outside.
The tempering means can be geometrically designed such that one or more heating coils are disposed in a spiral fashion about the room temperature pipe.
As an alternative, it is also possible to dispose several, preferably at least 8, heating coils at a separation from one another in the peripheral direction about the z axis of the room temperature pipe, which extend parallel to the z direction.
Advantageously, the heating coils are spatially oriented such that they are minimally coupled to the RF receiver coil system.


These rescue missions involve lifeguards at the beaches. Lifeguards may be stationed at various lifeguard stands and other stations. Additionally, lifeguards also may move on vehicles to different locations to monitor the water in which recreational activities occur by the beaches.
The use of lifeguards is an expensive but necessary cost. With the use of lifeguards, however, the cost may restrain time periods when lifeguards are available. For example, lifeguards may only be available during normal operating hours of the beaches. After the normal operating hours, a smaller workforce of lifeguards may be present to monitor the same recreational water area. In some cases, after normal operating hours, lifeguards may be absent from the beaches. Moreover, less popular beaches may not be monitored at all.
As a result, individuals who use recreational water areas outside of normal operating hours or use recreational water areas where lifeguards are not present may find it more difficult to obtain assistance when needed. The absence or reduced number of lifeguards may make it more difficult to detect when individuals may need assistance after normal operating hours for a recreational water area.
Additionally, a desired number of trained lifeguards may be unavailable for use in recreational water areas. For example, even when funds are available for use to expand coverage areas or hours of operation for lifeguard services, the number of certified lifeguards available to work in the recreational water area may be fewer than desired. As a result, lifeguard services in the recreational water area may not be as effective as desired.
Further, even when more lifeguards are present during normal operating hours, the number of lifeguards monitoring a beach may not provide as much coverage as desired to monitor for events in which individuals may need assistance. For example, physical limitations of a lifeguard may limit the effectiveness of lifeguards in the recreational water area. As an example, a lifeguard may have difficulty seeing out into the water to identify that an individual is drowning at about 500 meters away. Further, even if the lifeguard does identify that the individual may be drowning, the time for the lifeguard to reach the individual may be more than desired. As a result, lifeguards may not identify all events in all of the different locations on the beach as quickly as desired and may not reach individuals needing assistance as quickly as desired.

Inhibition of farnesyl-protein transferase has been shown to block the growth of Ras-transformed cells in soft agar and to modify other aspects of their transformed phenotype. It has also been demonstrated that certain inhibitors of farnesyl-protein transferase selectively block the processing of the Ras oncoprotein intracellularly (N. E. Kohl et al., Science, 260:1934-1937 (1993) and G.L. James et al., Science, 260:1937-1942 (1993). Recently, it has been shown that an inhibitor of farnesyl-protein transferase blocks the growth of ras-dependent tumors in nude mice (N. E. Kohl et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci U.S.A., 91:9141-9145 (1994) and induces regression of mammary and salivary carcinomas in ras transgenic mice (N. E. Kohl et al., Nature Medicine, 1:792-797 (1995).
Indirect inhibition of farnesyl-protein transferase in vivo has been demonstrated with lovastatin (Merck & Co., Rahway, N.J.) and compactin (Hancock et al., ibid; Casey et al., ibid; Schafer et al., Science 245:379 (1989)). These drugs inhibit HMG-CoA reductase, the rate limiting enzyme for the production of polyisoprenoids including farnesyl pyrophosphate. Farnesyl-protein transferase utilizes farnesyl pyrophosphate to covalently modify the Cys thiol group of the Ras CAAX box with a farnesyl group (Reiss et al., Cell, 62:81-088 (1990); Schaber et al., J. Biol. Chem., 265:14701-14704 (1990); Schafer et al., Science, 249:1133-1139 (1990); Manne et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci U.S.A., 87:7541-7545 (1990)). Inhibition of farnesyl pyrophosphate biosynthesis by inhibiting HMG-CoA reductase blocks Ras membrane localization in cultured cells. However, direct inhibition of farnesylprotein transferase would be more specific and attended by fewer side effects than would occur with the required dose of a general inhibitor of isoprene biosynthesis.
Inhibitors of farnesyl-protein transferase (FPTase) have been described in two general classes. The first

B. Description of the Related Art
This invention is directed to use in the commercial food preparation industry, in which large quantities of food are prepared for large groups of people to be served in an "assembly line" or buffet fashion. Such situations include, but are not limited to, catering services, hotels, schools, conventions, parties, and other large gatherings of similar nature.
Typically, the food served commercially in a serving line or in buffet fashion is contained in rectangular, stainless steel pans, commonly known as steam pans or hotel pans. These pans are of a standard size known to the food industry. A steam table is a device for keeping the contents of the pans warm. It consists of a shallow tank for holding a quantity of hot, steaming water and a surface into which several standard rectangular holes are cut. The holes on the surface of the steam table engage the flanges of the steam pans so that the bottoms of the steam pans are immersed in the bath of hot water to warm the pan and its contents. If the pan is of the same size as the rectangular opening, then steam cannot escape from between the flange of the pan and the surface of the steam table. However, when the pan is lifted out of the rectangular opening, the accumulated steam will escape and possibly scald the unwary food handler.
The openings in the surface of the steam tables are of a standard size, and the steam pans are thus constructed of standard, modular sizes to fit these openings. The largest size fits exactly into the standard opening of the steam table and the remaining sizes consist of half, third, fourth, and sixth sizes which, when several sizes are appropriately configured, will fill the standard opening.
These pans typically contain solid food in a liquid broth which keeps the solid food heated without burning. Several problems arise in the course of manipulating these pans when they are filled almost to the brim with hot food. First, the pans are hot so that a standard pot holder, towel, or other cloth must be used to carry the pan so as to prevent the heat from injuring the carrier. Care must be taken to prevent edge of the towel from contacting the food, thus contaminating it.
Second, when the pans are residing in the steam table, the flanges of the pan are flush with the steam table so that it is difficult to get fingers or other implements under the flange to lift the pan out of the table. Knives, spatulas, and other flat objects are employed by food handlers to p

Therefore, another object of the present invention is to provide an apparatus which prevents any distortion from being caused by charging, or which minimizes such distortions if any, and thereby allows a highly accurate defect inspection to be performed, and also to provide a method for manufacturing a device by using said apparatus.
Also, there has been known an apparatus for inspecting a substrate for any defects in an image formed on the substrate in such a manner that the apparatus irradiates a charged particle beam against a surface of the substrate to scan said surface by said charged particle beam, detects secondary electrons emanated from the surface of the substrate, generates image data from the detected result, and then compares the data for each die to one another to detect those defects.
However, this type of imaging apparatus according to the prior art, including the above-described apparatus that has been disclosed in the publication, has been problematic in that the potential distribution on the surface of the substrate or the object to be inspected is not necessarily uniform and the contrast of the image is insufficient, which may cause distortion.
Therefore, a further object of the present invention is to provide an imaging apparatus having an improved performance in defect detection without any loss of throughput.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an imaging apparatus having an improved performance in defect detection by improving the contrast in an image obtained by the detection of secondary electrons from the object to be inspected.
Still another object of the present invention is to provide an imaging apparatus having improved performance in defect detection by making uniform the potential distribution on the surface of an object to be inspected and thereby improving the contrast, thus reducing distortion, in an image obtained by the detection of secondary electrons from said surface of the object to be inspected.
Yet another object of the present invention is to provide a device manufacturing method in which a sample in the course of processes is evaluated by using such an imaging apparatus as described above.
There has also been one such prior art defect inspection apparatus used conventionally in a semiconductor manufacturing process or the like, which inspects a sample such as a wafer or the like for any defects by detecting secondary electrons emanated by irradiating a primary electron beam onto the sample.
Japanese patent Application Public Disclosure No. 11-132975, for example, discloses a defect inspection apparatus which comprises: an electron beam irradiating section for irradiating an electron beam against a sample; a projecting optical section for image-forming a one-dimensional and/or a two-dimensional image of secondary or reflected electrons, said secondary electrons being eman

The nominal diameter is defined as the outer diameter in the projection-free portion of the axial angle disk, wherein this outer diameter corresponds to the bearing seat diameter under consideration of bearing borehole tolerances.
Bearing borehole tolerances are understood to be the gap between an inner wall of a borehole (D2) in which the axial bearing is inserted and the outer diameter (D1) of the axial angle disk free from projections in the radial direction, that is, the outer diameter of the axial angle disk in the region in which the securing tab is not present. The bearing borehole tolerances here also comprise production tolerances with respect to the outer diameter of the axial angle disk in the region in which the securing tab is not present and in the region of the bearing borehole itself. Here it is not decisive whether the bearing seat is formed in the shape of a borehole or is, for example, primary molded.
From the state of the art, for example, from DE 10227377 A1, DE 19716195 A1, U.S. Pat. No. 5,110,223, DE 69121948 D2, DE 69510512 D2, DE 68904188 C2, and DE 14416320 A1, different axial bearings are known.
From DE 10227377 A1, for example, an axial bearing is known that has an axial angle disk. The axial angle disk has inner and outer axial angled sections. These angled sections come into contact with a carrier that is also designated in the state of the art as a housing. The axial angle disk of DE 10227377 A1 comes into a positive-fit connection with the carrier via projections that are inserted into the axial angled sections.
While the formation of projections on the inner, axial angled section is disclosed from DE 10227377 A1, it is also already known from the state of the art to provide projections on the outer, axial angled section. Each projection is then formed with a “harpoon nose-like” shape. In this way, a section of the axial angled section forming a projection is shaped without cutting. This projection is then used as a securing tab. The securing tab comes into contact with a recessed region of the housing.
From DE 19716195 A1, another axial angle disk of an axial bearing is known. Here, the axial angle disk also has a securing tab that that is not completely bent at a right angle, that is

Increased breakdown of elastin of the lung tissue by neutral proteases (elastase) may contribute to the lesions in pulmonary emphysema [I. Mandel, T. V. Darmle, J. A. Frierer, S. Keller and G. M. Turino, Elastin and Elastic Tissue, Ed. L. B. Sandberg, W. R. Gray and C. Fransblau, Plenum Press, N.Y., p. 221 (1977)].
A variety of substances, both naturally occurring and synthetically prepared, have been found to be inhibitors of connective tissue destruction, e.g., inhibitors of collagen degradation, that is, as collagenase inhibitors. Such substances include, for example, ethylenediaminetetraacetate, 1,10-phenanthroline, cysteine, dithiothretol and sodium auriothiomalate [D. E. Woolley, R. W. Glanville, D. R. Roberts and J. M. Evanson, Biochem J., 169 265 (1978); S. Seifter and E. Harper, Chap. 18, "The Collagenases" in The Enzymes (3rd Edition), 3, 649-697, Ed. by P. D. Boyer, Academic Press, N.Y. (1971)]. In the eye, a number of studies using collagenase inhibitors directly applied to corneal ulcerations have been reported. Calcium ethylenediaminetetraacetate and acetylcysteine reduce the frequency of ulceration in the alkali burned rabbit [M. Berman and C. Dohlman, Arch. Ophthamol., 35, 95 (1975)]. Both cysteine and acetylcysteine have been effective in the treatment of acute and chronic corneal ulceration in the human, although the latter compound was preferred because of its greater stability [S. I. Brown, N. P. Tragakis and D. B. Pease, Am. J. Ophthalmol., 74, 316 (1972); M. Berman, Trace Components of Plasma: Isolation and Clinical Significance, 7th Annual Red Cross Symposium, p. 225, Alan. R. Liss, Inc., N.Y. (1976)].
Naturally occurring collagenase inhibitors include the serum components .alpha..sub.2 -macroglobulin and .beta.1-anticollagenase [D. E. Woolley, R. W. Gl

The optical switching circuit (OSC) 31 includes two of input ports 311, 312, two of photo couplers 321, 322, two of optical switch modules 331, 332 and two of output ports 341, 342. In addition, the two of optical switch modules 331, 332 each includes two upstream side optical switches 331_1, 331_2 and 332_1, 332_2, one photo couple 331_1 and 332_3, and one downstream side optical switches 331_4 and 332_4, respectively.
When an optical packet is inputted from the input port 311 of a first channel, the optical packet is divided into two pieces by the photo coupler 321 to be inputted to the optical switch 331-1 of the first channel and the optical switch (OSW) 332_1 of a second channel on the upstream side. And, similar to this, when an optical packet is inputted from the input port 312 of a second channel, the optical packet is divided into two pieces by the photo coupler 322 to be inputted to the optical switch 331-2 of the first channel and the optical switch 332_2 of the second channel on the upstream side. The optical packets each inputted to the two optical switches 331_1, 331_2 of the first channel respectively are, via each of the optical switches 331_1, 331_2 when the optical switches 331_1, 331_2 are in the on state, further via the photo coupler 331_3, and furthermore via the optical switch 331_4 when the optical switch 331_4 on the downstream side is on, outputted from the output port 341 of the first channel.
In addition, similar to this, the optical packets each inputted to the two optical switches (OSW) 332_1, 332_2 of the second channel respectively are, via each of the optical switches 332_1, 332_2 when the optical switches 332_1, 332_2 are in the on state, further via the photo coupler 332_2, and furthermore via the optical switch 332_4 when the optical switch 332_4 on the downstream side is in the on state, outputted from the output port 342 of the second channel.
Thus, when the first optical switch (OSW) 331_1 on the input side of the first channel and the optical switch (OSW) 331_4 on the output side of the first channel are in the on state, and the second optical switch (OS

1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to toothbrushes and more particularly to an adjustable-head toothbrush that provides two or more locking angles of the brush head.
2. Prior Art
Among the thousands of toothbrush inventions are those that adjust into angles. Earlier designs include devices that fold, tilt, allow head-replacement and head-disposal, offer a novelty handle design, and other actions. However there is not yet a non-disposable toothbrush handle that allows the simple, manual angling and angle locking that this proposed construction offers. The following application and patents show adjustable toothbrush devices.
(a) U.S. Pat. No. 4,731,896: a toothbrush which requires finger manipulation of a control pin to adjust a handle that consists of two hinged parts and a pivot. The proposed toothbrush offers three or fewer parts to accomplish the same goal as the previous, control-pin device, which has more parts and is more difficult to operate. The proposed device, because of its simpler construction, allows less-expensive, easier manufacturing plus a simple, one-handed operation.
(b) U.S. Pat. No. 4,829,621: a toothbrush in which the brush-head can be angled. The toothbrush neck may be elastically deformed using an interior flexible wire. An elastically deformable neck does not allow for a locking/secure positioning mechanism, as the proposed one does.
(c) U.S. Pat. No. 4,979,25; a children's toothbrush with a joint, that connects the toothbrush handle with a novelty-handle end. In addition to being a novelty item, the purpose of that device is to fold into a closed unit and/or to lock into place in the open position; it does not offer a method of locking into angled positions.
(d) U.S. Pat. No. 5,003,658: a folding toothbrush-toothpaste system that does not offer a method of angling.
(e) U.S. Patent Number 20050015907: A bendable toothbrush with an inner core of soft, elastomeric material wholly or partly enclosed within an outer flexible skin of a second polymer material. This toothbrush does not offer the squeeze-adjust angling method of the proposed toothbrush. Instead the user must manipulate only a small area—the head of the brush—making it more difficult to

This invention relates generally to laser-based bar code symbol reading systems, and more particularly to an automatic bar code symbol reading system having a compact, lightweight, laser scanning engine arrangable for mounting on the body of the user for hands-free scanning applications.
2. Brief Description of the Prior Art
Various types of laser scanning devices are in use and have been disclosed in the patent literature. Many of these scanners read bar codes, such as the Uniform Product Code (UPC), which are imprinted on products, labels affixed to products, or packaging for products.
One type of scanner is referred to as a slot scanner. Typically slot scanners are mounted beneath or at the checkout counter of a retail establishment, such as a supermarket. Another type of scanner is a hand-held scanner. This type of scanner typically includes a grip portion held in one's hand to enable the scanner to be directed onto a bar code so that the scan pattern produced by the scanner traverses the bar code symbol in order to read it.
In the last few years there has been increased development toward making hand-held scanners extremely small and lightweight. One such scanner is disclosed in my U.S. Pat. No. 4,930,848, whose disclosure is incorporated by reference, and which is assigned to the same Assignee as this invention. That scanner comprises a hand grip portion and a body portion. Within the body portion of the scanner is a "laser scanning engine" having all of the necessary optical, mechanical and electrical components required to produce a laser beam scanning pattern for reading bar codes and for receiving light reflected therefrom to produce an electrical signal indicative thereof. Other hand-held laser scanners are disclosed in the patent literature, including U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,387,297 (Swartz, et al.), 4,409,470 (Swartz, et al.), 4,460,120 (Swartz, et al.), 4,607,156 (Koppenall, et al.), 4,706,248 (Swartz, et al.), and 4,575,625 (Knowles).
Although prior art hand-held scanners are capable of reading bar code symbols, they all typically must be held in the hand of the user so that the laser beam scanning pattern can be aimed at the bar code symbol. In the course of checking out customers' purchases at a checkout counter, a clerk is thus required to continually pick up the scanner, direct its laser beam onto the symbols to

The present invention relates to the non-invasive magnetic imaging of anatomic tissue structures in isolation from surrounding tissues, and, in particular, to the non-invasive magnetic imaging of nerve tissues. The present invention more specifically relates to the non-invasive quantitative measurement of damage to nerve tissue, such as the damage that occurs upon compression.
Clinically it is possible to estimate which neural pathway is involved in trauma by determining the end result loss of motor function and either abberant sensory function or complete loss of it. It is very difficult to determine where the lesion is and to what extent it has caused deterioration of the nerves involved.
Peripheral nerves are compound structures. Each nerve trunk consists of a very large number of nerve “fibers” (neurites) that are protoplasmic extensions of neuronal cell bodies located in the dorsal root ganglia (sensory neurons) and ventral horn of the spinal cord (motor neurons). All nerve fibers (except fine pain fibers) are surrounded by a fatty sheath of myelin which serves to enhance nerve impulse conduction (neural flow). The nerve fibers are grouped into fasciculi, bundles of fibers bound together by a fine connective tissue membrane (epineureum). The bundles of fasciculi comprising the nerve trunk are bound by a thicker membrane, the perineureum. The nerve trunk may be surrounded by other layers of protective connective tissue or fat.
Neuropathy in peripheral nerves may occur through the agency of traumatic distortion, including compression, stretch and breakage, and/or associated ischemia. The trauma may be acute, especially when the surrounding tissues are injured, or it may be chronic, and due to pathologic mechanical relations between the nerve and surrounding tissues: regional compression is considered to be the principal etiology in entrapment syndromes. There is rapid recovery from transient compression, but prolonged compression extends the recovery period because the nerve fibers are damaged. Remyelination and re-establishment of conduction must take place. Chronic and repetitive compression prevents recovery and results in severe neurologic impairment.
In chronic and repetitive compressions, which are more common than acute compressions, the damage is more extensive. Nerve trunks become thinned at the site of the compression, but may swell proximally. Characteristically conduction is slowed and conduction blocks occur as long segments of myelin are damaged. Depending on the severity of the chronic compression, the nerve trunk proximally will contain a full complement of myelinated fibers within its fasciculi; but at the level of compression and distally the number of myel

Furthermore, in the printing apparatus described in JP-A-2000-15837, ink is selectively supplied from at least a pair of ink cartridges for supplying the same color ink to an ink jet type recording head via an ink supply valve. In the printing apparatus, when an ink depletion detection unit detects that one of the ink cartridges is depleted, the valve is switched by valve opening and closing control unit, whereby the printing can be continued.
However, in the printing apparatus of JP-A-2003-1842, if ink remains in any one of a plurality of ink tanks, ink dots are formed by the use of the nozzle row supplied with ink from the ink tank of the side where ink remains. In this case, the additional nozzle row and the black ink nozzle row are shifted by two dots in the sub scanning direction, and the dots printed in the first main scanning are different from each other between the additional nozzle row and the black ink nozzle row, and thus, there is a need to create the different print data depending on the use nozzle row.
In this case, upon detecting the ink depletion, the ink tank of the ink depletion is confirmed (a cartridge confirmation process), and the nozzle row connected to another ink tank, where ink remains, is selected in the use nozzle row (a nozzle row selection process). Moreover, the print data depending on the selected use nozzle row is generated (a print data generating process). Furthermore, the reception place of the print data confirms whether or not the print data is correct depending on the use nozzle row (a data confirmation process). Moreover, when it is confirmed that the print data is correct corresponding to the use nozzle row, the print data is set to the driving system of the corresponding nozzle row and an ink droplet is ejected from the use nozzle row of the recording head, thereby performing the printing on the paper.
In this manner, since there is a need to discriminate the nozzle row connected to the ink cartridge of the side in which ink remains and generates the print data depending on the discriminated nozzle row, as mentioned above, there is a need for a plurality of processes such as the cartridge confirmation process, the nozzle selection process, the print data generating processing, and the data confirmation process. For this reason, the process to be performed when the ink in the ink tank becomes depleted is complicated. As a consequence, there is a problem in that the process burden of a CPU due to the complication of the process is increased, and it is difficult to share the processing program between types of model

Nucleic acid hybridization techniques are based upon the ability of a single stranded oligonucleotide probe to base-pair, i.e., hybridize, with a complementary nucleic acid strand. Exemplary in situ hybridization procedures are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,225,326 and copending U.S. patent application Ser. No. 07/668,751, the entire contents of which are incorporated herein by reference. Fluorescence in situ hybridization ("FISH") techniques, in which the nucleic acid probes are labeled with a fluorophor (i.e., a fluorescent tag or label that fluoresces when excited with light of a particular wavelength), represents a powerful tool for the analysis of numerical, as well as structural aberrations chromosomal aberrations. See, e.g., PCT Application WO 94/02646, inventors M. Asgari et al., published Feb. 3, 1994, (hereinafter, "Asgari") co-pending U.S. patent application Ser. No. 07/915,965; P. Lichter, et al., Genet. Anal. Tech. Appl. 8:24-35 (1991); and S. Du Manoir, et al., Human Genetics 90(6):590-610 (1993), the entire contents of which publications are incorporated herein by reference.
Asgari reports in situ hybridization assays for determining the sex of a fetus, genetic characteristics or abnormalities, infectious agents and the like, by nucleic acid hybridization of fetal cells such as those circulating in material blood. The fetal cells are distinguished from maternal cells present in the fixed sample by staining with an antibody which specifically recognizes the maternal or fetal cell or by in situ hybridization to detect one or more fetal mRNAs. The method reportedly is useful for detecting chromosomal abnormalities in fetal cells. However, the fetal cells must be enriched prior to analysis.
PCT Application WO 94/02830, inventors M. Greaves, et al., published Feb. 3, 1994, (hereinafter, "Greaves") report a method for phenotyping and genotyping a cell sample.
The method involves contacting a fixed cell with an antibody labeled with a first fluorophor for phenotyping the cell via histochemical staining, followed by contacting the fixed cell with a DNA probe labeled with a second fluorophor for genotyping the cell. The first and second fluorophors fluoresce at different wavelengths from one another, thereby allowing the phenotypic and genetic analysis on the identical fixed sample.
Despite the above-described advances

Anthrax is primarily a disease of sheep, cattle, horses, goats and swine caused by Bacillus anthracis, a gram-positive spore-forming aerobic rod that produces exotoxins. The organism is transmitted to humans by inoculation of broken skin or mucous membranes causing cutaneous or gastrointestinal infections, or by inhalation, causing pulmonary infection. Anthrax is a rare occupational disease of farmers, veterinarians and wool workers. B. anthracis is designated as category A biothreat agent because of the ease of weaponization of spores and its persistence in the environment. The bioterrorism threat from inhaled B. anthracis spores has increased the need for effective treatments and preventions of this deadly disease.
Inhalation anthrax is the most deadly form of the disease. The incubation period ranges from 1-43 days, with a mean incubation period of 16 days (Cieslak et al., 1999). The standard course of antibiotic treatment post-exposure is 60 days, but the length of treatment for full protection is currently unknown. The mean duration of non-specific prodromal symptoms is 4.1 days, and the mean duration of the fulminant phase is 1.1 days, after which the death rate approaches 100% in the absence of treatment (Holty et al. 2006). The events leading to death from anthrax in humans are not well understood (Jernigan et al. 2001), but the terminal stages of the disease involve bacteremia with vascular damage and injury to multiple organs. Anthrax pathogenesis has been reviewed (Dixon et al. 1999).
B. anthracis produces two exotoxins, Edema Toxin (EdTx) and Lethal Toxin (LeTx). During the initial phases of the disease, the toxins cause destruction of the lymphatic tissue, helping the bacteria gain access to the blood stream (Dixon et al., 1999). They also impair the function of leukocytes that are crucial for phagocytosis and mounting an immune response (O'Brien et al. 1985; Comer et al. 2005; During et al. 2005; Erwin et al. 2001; Fang et al. 2006). EdTx is composed of Edema Factor (EF) and Protective Antigen (PA), and LeTx is composed of Lethal Factor (LF) and PA. As single entities, none of these proteins are known to have any lethal effects. PA is the essential component for EF and LF entry into target cells. PA binds to specific receptors

The subject matter of this application relates to probe microscopy. More particularly, the subject matter of this application relates to methods and devices for probe and force microscopes with sensors having improved sensitivity.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Conventional atomic force microscope (AFM) and its variations have been used to probe a wide range of physical and biological processes, including mechanical properties of single molecules, electric and magnetic fields of single atoms and electrons. Moreover, cantilever based structures inspired by the AFM have been a significant driver for nanotechnology resulting in chemical sensor arrays, various forms of lithography tools with high resolution, and terabit level data storage systems. Despite the current rate of success, the AFM needs to be improved in terms of speed, sensitivity, and an ability to generate quantitative data on the chemical and mechanical properties of the sample. For example, when measuring molecular dynamics at room temperature, the molecular forces need to be measured in a time scale that is less than the time of the thermal fluctuations to break the bonds. This requires a high speed system with sub-nanoNewton and sub-nanometer sensitivity.
Current cantilever-based structures for AFM probes and their respective actuation methodologies lack speed and sensitivity and have hindered progress in the aforementioned areas. Imaging systems based on small cantilevers have been developed to increase the speed of AFMs, but this approach has not yet found wide use due to demanding constraints on optical detection and bulky actuators. Several methods have been developed for quantitative elasticity measurements, but the trade-off between force resolution, measurement speed, and cantilever stiffness has been problematic especially for samples with high compliance and high adhesion. Cantilever deflection signals measured during tapping mode imaging have been inverted to obtain elasticity information with smaller impact forces, but complicated dynamic response of the cantilever increases the noise level and prevents calculation of the interaction forces. Arrays of AFM cantilevers with integrated piezoelectric actuators have been developed for parallel lithography, but complex fabrication methods have limited their use.
Most of the scanning probe microscopy techniques, including tapping mode imaging and force spectroscopy, rely on measurement of the deflection of a microcantilever with a sharp tip. Therefore, the resulting force data depend on the dynamic properties of the cantilever, which shapes the frequency response. This can be quite limiting, as mechanical structures like cantilevers are resonant vibrating structures and they provide information mostly only around these resonances. For example, in tapping mode imaging it is nearly impossible to recover all the information about the

In conventional magnetic recording systems, a spinning rotary disc includes a plurality of magnetic recording heads at spaced intervals for recording information on lines traversing a magnetic recording tape passing across the rotary disc. Typically, the rotary head spins at approximately 14,400 rpm and has positioned on its periphery four magnetic heads spaced at 90.degree. intervals. Each transverse line is recorded by one head and switching between the heads occurs near an end of each transverse line.
The information recorded on each transverse line of the tape is sufficient for about 16 to 17 horizontal lines of video display. As is known, the interlaced video display includes two fields each with 262.5 horizontal lines such that 16 recorded lines are required to produce each field of the video display. Although this requires switching between magnetic recording heads 16 times, the high quality of the electronics associated with the relatively expensive studio equipment permits switching with relatively imperceptible distortion on the reproduced display. Further, there is sufficient recorded video information on each transverse line so that switching between heads can occur near the end of each line which switching will occur off of the video display of the television receiver. As a result, switching between heads does not produce perceptible visual distortion.
With the introduction of portable equipment typically used for on-site news gathering, small portable cameras are employed with less expensive tape recording machines and the problem of head switching line distortion is prevelant. Typically, the recorder employed with the mini-cams employs a cylindrical recording drum with a pair of spaced magnetic recording heads. Instead of the magnetic recording tape passing parallel to the axis of rotation of the drum, the tape is passed around the periphery of the drum at a small angle to the perpendicular of the axis of rotation. As a result, the path of the tape is generally helical, producing a diagonal line of recorded signal or video information.
Typically, there is sufficient recorded information on each of the diagonal lines to produce one entire field or 2621/2 horizontal lines of video information. The switching between the pair of magnetic heads typically employed in such recording systems occurs near the end of each diagonal line of recorded material just before the occurrence of the vertical synchronization signals. The switching point appears as a line distortion at the bottom of the displayed video picture on a television receiver. Such distortion may include horizontal misalignment of displayed information below the switching point in addition to a horizontal line of poor quality video information across the displayed picture at the switching point.
Each recorded diagonal line also includes a vertical blanking interval during which there is no video information for display but instead camera

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a method and a control apparatus for controlling a high-pressure fuel supply pump which is configured to supply pressurized fuel to an internal combustion engine, in particular to a common rail having a plurality of fuel injectors for injecting pressurized fuel into a combustion chamber of the internal combustion engine. Specifically, the present invention relates to a method and a control apparatus for controlling a high-pressure fuel supply pump which comprises a compression chamber, a normally-open-type solenoid-actuated intake valve for delivering unpressurized fuel to the compression chamber, a movable plunger reciprocating in the compression chamber between a first plunger position, e.g. the so-called bottom dead center position, and a second plunger position, e.g. the so-called top dead center position, for pressurizing fuel in the compression chamber, and a discharge valve for discharging pressurized fuel from the compression chamber to be supplied to the internal combustion engine. The normally-open-type solenoid-actuated intake valve of the high-pressure fuel supply pump is configured to be closed or kept closed by means of magnetic force. The present invention also relates to a computer program product comprising computer program code means configured to adapt a control apparatus.
2. Description of the Related Art
In recent years, gasoline direct injection (GDI) has become increasingly popular due to its advantages for increased power (due to a lower tendency to knock) and hence higher fuel efficiency. In gasoline direct injection, low-pressure fuel is delivered from the fuel tank by means of a low-pressure fuel pump to a high-pressure pump. In a compression chamber of the high-pressure pump, the low-pressure fuel is pressurized to high pressure and delivered to a common rail comprising a plurality of injectors for being directly injected at high pressure into a combustion chamber of the internal combustion engine.
In general, the amount of high-pressure fuel supplied by the high-pressure fuel supply pump is electronically controlled by controlling a solenoid-actuated intake valve of the high-pressure fuel supply pump. There are known normally-closed-type solenoid-actuated intake valves which can be opened and/or kept open by energizing one or more solenoids of the solenoid-actuated intake valve while being biased by one or more biasing members (such as e.g. springs) into a closing direction of the solenoid-actuated intake valve. Also, there are known normally-

It will be appreciated that the above-described wafer testing scheme has several inherent disadvantages. The greatest cost is incurred in packaging integrated circuits at the third stage. As a consequence, packaged integrated circuits rejected at the final stage represent a significant expense. The overall time period for the illustrated testing scheme may run up to twelve weeks. If final stage performance testing reveals that the integrated circuits are being fabricated in a defective manner, feedback to modify the wafer fabrication process at the first stage will be untimely, resulting in the fabrication of semiconductor wafers which must be discarded.
One prior art method employs a plurality of probe needles having tips which physically engage the terminal contact pads of the IC chips to be tested. Representative examples of such prior art are disclosed and illustrated in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,382,228, 4,518,914, 4,523,144, 4,567,433 and 4,593,243. While needle probe systems are generally an effective means of determining the parameters of low density IC chips, there are several drawbacks which decrease their utility for testing high density IC chips.
First, to ensure that the plurality of needle tips lie in approximately the same plane, the probe needles may require mechanical finishing by sanding or filing to bring the needle tips within the required tolerance range, i.e., degree of planarization. As well as being a time consuming and expensive process, needle tip finishing may also result in damage to the probe assembly itself.
Needle-type probes physically engage contact pads of the IC chips and thus present a likelihood that damage may be sustained by the pads such as by gouging during initial engagement. Further, unevenly applied pressures exerted against the engaged needles and pads may result in contact pressures being transmitted through the pads to the underlying wafer structure, resulting in damage thereto.
Another problem with needle-type probe assemblies is the degree of care, both in terms of time and skill, which must be exercised to ensure that the needles are properly connected to the probe assembly. Additionally, lower limits as to the degree of miniaturization possible in probe needle systems limit the utility of needle-type probes for testing high density IC chips. Further, at high frequencies (1 MHz or greater) it is difficult to control the characteristic impedance between the needles and the line conductors connecting the needles to external test equipment.
Another method for compensating for nonplanarization between devices to be electrically interconnected is to form metallic conducting buttons on one of two arrays of registered contact pads, as disclosed in U.S

FIGS. 2A-2F are graphical illustrations of the likelihood function {L(.theta.)} of a typical source having a signal to noise ratio (SNR) of -4 dB moving from 85.degree. (FIG. 2A) through 90.degree. (FIG. 2B), 95.degree. (FIG. 2C), 100.degree. (FIG. 2D), 105.degree. (FIG. 2E) and 110.degree. (FIG. 2F) along the azimuth axis (.theta.). The source is received by a three-element linear array with inter-element ratio of 3:4 and aperture of 3.lambda.. Each graph illustrates the directions-of arrival (DOA) likelihood function {L(.theta.)} for a plurality of samples (approximately 100) below the ambiguity threshold.
The peaks of L(.theta.) represent the most likely directions-of-arrival for the given batch. Generally, above the ambiguity threshold, the peak corresponding to the correct DOA is the highest. However, below the ambiguity threshold, the height of the ambiguous peaks rise and may exceed the peak corresponding to the correct DOA.
As shown in FIG. 2A, there are two peaks, referenced 302, having a DOA of approximately 85.degree., and 304 (having a DOA of approximately 125.degree.). Peak 302 is lower than peak 304, having a likelihood value of just below 50. (The highest peak 304 occurs for a DOA of 125.degree. instead of the correct one of 85.degree..
FIG. 2B for an angle of 90.degree., has three peaks, 306, 308 and 310 indicating DOAs of approximately 50.degree., 90.degree. and 130.degree., respectively, having likelihood values of approximately 60, 65 and 60, respectively. FIG. 2C for an angle of 95.degree., has three peaks, 312, 314 and 316 indicating DOAs of approximately 55.degree., 95.degree. and 135.degree., respectively, having likelihood values of approximately 55, 55 and 50, respectively.
FIG. 2D for an angle of 100.degree., has three peaks, referenced 318, 320 and 322 having a likelihood value above 50, indicating DOAs of approximately 55.degree., 100.degree. and 120.degree., respectively. In addition, there are three other peaks, referenced 324, 325 and 326, having likelihood values slightly above and slightly below 50 and 60, respectively. In this

1. Field of the Invention
The subject invention relates to crop oil concentrates. More particularly, the subject invention relates to improved crop oil concentrates which enhance the efficacy of herbicides, over and above standard crop oil concentrates which are commercially available.
2. Description of the Related Art
It is well established that a variety of adjuvants play important roles in the application of herbicides. These adjuvants are a diverse group of components with equally diverse functions which may often be determined from their generic names, i.e. "spreaders," "stickers," "solubilizers," "emulsifiers," "flow control agents," "drift control agents," and so on. Among the many useful herbicide adjuvants are the so-called "crop oil concentrates."
Crop oil concentrates are often recommended by herbicide manufacturers and formulators for inclusion in tank mixes to increase the efficacy of postemergent herbicide formulations. Crop oil concentrates are available from a variety of sources, and generally consist of from 75-95 percent by weight of a hydrocarbon oil or solvent with the balance being a surfactant. The hydrocarbons which form the bulk of the crop oil concentrate may be derived from mineral (petroleum) or vegetable sources.
Although the use of selected crop oil concentrates may enhance herbicidal efficacy, it is well known that many of the proprietary concentrates available are not as effective as others. Some may even impact negatively upon herbicidal efficacy. Additionally, there is a great deal of inconsistency with regard to the make up of available crop oil concentrates. Finally, to further complicate the situation, manufacturers frequently change the formulations without notifying the consumer, resulting in a great deal of uncertainty with regard to their performance.
In recent years, the situation with respect to crop oil concentrates has achieved such a level of notoriety that some agriculturists refer to them as "snake oils." Thus there is a need in the agricultural sector, for a crop oil concentrate with a well defined make-up which is capable of enhancing the efficacy of a broad spectrum of herbicides, and which gives reproducible results.
In copending application Ser. No. 104,658 are disclosed crop oil concentrates containing a specific class of anionic polyoxyalkylene surfactants, a long chain fatty acid component, a lower alkanol ester of a fatty acid, and optionally, a hydrocarbon component. These crop oil concentrates were effective adjuvant systems and moreover, decreased the apparent antagonism

The p101 regulatory subunit for PI3 Kgamma was originally cloned in swine, and the human ortholog identified subsequently (Krugmann et al., J. Biol. Chem., 274:17152-8 (1999)). Interaction between the N-terminal region of p101 with the N-terminal region of p110γ appears to be critical for the PI3Kγ activation through Gβγ mentioned above.
A constitutively active PI3K polypeptide is described in International Publication No. WO 96/25488. This publication discloses preparation of a chimeric fusion protein in which a 102-residue fragment of p85 known as the inter-SH2 (iSH2) region is fused through a linker region to the N-terminus of murine p110. The p85 iSH2 domain apparently is able to activate PI3K activity in a manner comparable to intact p85 (Klippel et al., Mol. Cell. Biol., 14:2675-85 (1994)).
Thus, PI 3-kinases can be defined by their amino acid identity or by their activity. Additional members of this growing gene family include more distantly related lipid and protein kinases including Vps34 TOR1, TOR2 of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (and their mammalian homologs such as FRAP and mTOR), the ataxia telangiectasia gene product (ATR), and the catalytic subunit of DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK). See generally, Hunter, Cell, 83:1-4 (1995).
PI 3-kinase also appears to be involved in a number of aspects of leukocyte activation. A p85-associated PI 3-kinase activity has been shown to physically associate with the cytoplasmic domain of CD28, which is an important costimulatory molecule for the activation of T-cells in response to antigen (Pages et al., Nature, 369:327-29 (1994); Rudd, Immunity, 4:527-34 (1996)). Activation of T cells through CD28 lowers the threshold for activation by antigen and increases the magnitude and duration of the proliferative response. These effects are linked to increases in the transcription of a number of genes including interleukin-2 (IL2), an important T cell growth factor (Fraser et al., Science, 251:313-16 (1991)). Mutation of CD28 such that it can no longer interact with PI 3-kinase leads to a failure to initiate IL2 production, suggesting a critical role for PI 3-kinase in T cell activation

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a process for producing formed structures using specific forming solutions comprising aromatic polyamides.
2. Description of the Related Art
Aromatic polyamides--also known as aramids--are known fiber-forming materials of high chemical resistance. Aramid fibers are notable in particular for good mechanical properties, such as high strengths and moduli.
Aramids are usually produced by solution polycondensation of dichlorides of aromatic dicarboxylic acids with aromatic diamines and either formed directly from the solution or precipitated from the solution and converted by renewed dissolving in a suitable solvent into a forming solution. The polycondensation gives rise to hydrogen chloride, which is unwelcome in the forming stage and is usually bound by neutralizing the reaction solution with a base. Usually the forming solution has salts for enhancing the solubility of the aramid added to it or such salts are formed as a consequence of the neutralization of the reaction solution.
It has also already been attempted to produce formed aromatic polyamide structures from salt-free forming solutions.
For instance, DE-B-2,204,075 describes forming solutions which consist of an aromatic polyamide consisting mainly of meta units and a specific N-alkyllactam as solvent.
Furthermore, DE-B-2,225,735 describes a process for preparing homogeneous forming solutions wherein an aromatic polyamide consisting of mainly meta units is suspended in N-methylpyrrolidone (NMP) in the absence of salts within a certain temperature range and dissolved in the NMA by heating to a certain temperature range. EP-A-522,418 discloses a process for producing solvent-spun aramid fibers. The processes for which concrete descriptions are given involve the use of forming solutions which are obtained by polycondensation of monomers to give the aramid and subsequent addition of neutralizing agent. These forming solutions are then directly spun.
There continues to be a need for processes for producing formed structures wherein forming solutions can be used in forming processes directly and without further process measures following the polycondensation of the aramid.
It has now been found that certain para-aramids can be polycondensed in specific solvents and directly converted into formed structures without a neutralization step. This omission of the neutralization step means an appreciable facilitation of process management, since a process stage can be dispensed with. It was further found that unneutralized solutions of certain para-aramids in certain solvents are stable over certain temperature

The present invention relates generally to data processing and more specifically to cache access mechanisms in data processing systems.
2. Description of the Related Art
A conventional multiprocessor data processing system may comprise a system bus to which a system memory and a number of processing units that may each include a processor and one or more levels of cache memory are coupled. Caches are temporary storage facilities utilized to store subsets of the overall memory of a data processing system at varying latencies. At the various levels of a cache hierarchy, a tradeoff is made between the size and the access latency of the cache at the given hierarchy level. The cache most directly coupled to a processing unit, typically referred to as the level one or “L1” cache, usually has the lowest latency but is the smallest of the various caches. Likewise, the cache at the lowest level of the hierarchy usually has a larger storage capacity, often one or two orders of magnitude larger that the L1 cache, but at a higher access latency.
It is often the case, though not required, that the cache at a lower level of the cache hierarchy contains a copy of all the data contained in the caches at higher levels of the cache hierarchy. This property is known as “inclusion” and necessarily leads to the condition that a cache at a lower level of the cache hierarchy be at least as large as the cache at the next higher level of the hierarchy in order to allow the lower level cache to include the contents of memory cached at the next higher level. Those skilled in the art are familiar with the notion of constructing a multi-level cache hierarchy that optimizes the access latency and size characteristics of the various cache hierarchy levels according to available implementation technologies, leading to optimal system performance.
A cache, at a given level of hierarchy, is typically comprised of a number of components often including a cache directory array, a cache data array, and those functional logic units necessary to update and manage the cache. The data array portion of a cache is a set of data storage elements utilized to store copies of portions of main memory. The data array is divided into a series of so called “cache blocks”. These cache blocks are storage regions utilized to hold copies of contiguous portions of the main memory within the data processing system. These blocks are typically on the order of 128 bytes in size and are further arranged into groups, known as “sets”, of usually 8 to 16 blocks. The overall data array contains of a number of these sets. When placing a portion of memory within the cache,

One of conventional manufacturing methods of MOS type LDD structure transistors is illustrated in FIGS. 1A to 1F. First in this method, a transfer gate oxide film 3 is formed in an element forming region surrounded by an element isolation insulating film 2 on a P-type semiconductor substrate 1 by so-called LOCOS (Local Oxidation of Silicon) method (FIG. 1A). Next, for controlling the threshold voltage, p-type impurity such as boron ion is directed all over the semiconductor substrate 1 to form ion-implanted regions 4 (FIG. 1B). Subsequently, a polysilicon film is deposited all over the transfer gate oxide film 3 by the low pressure CVD (Chemical Vapor Deposition) method to form a transfer gate electrode 5 by the photolithography technique and the reactive ion etching technique (FIG. 1C). Alternatively, as the transfer gate electrode 5, a two-layer film of refractory metal such as tungsten, molybdenum and titanium or silicidized version thereof, and polysilicon can be used in place of the polysilicon. Phosphorus ions are doped into the transfer gate electrode 5 to increase its conductivity. In this case, the transfer gate electrode 5 becomes n-type, which is the same as that of the channel or the source/drain. Accordingly, even when a gate voltage is not applied to the transfer gate electrode 5, the p-type channel surface is in such a state as a positive gate voltage is effectively applied because of the difference between work functions of the n-type transfer gate electrode 5 and the p-type channel surface.
This is described as follows according to the band theory. First, with no n type transfer gate electrode 5 on the channel surface, bands of the transfer gate electrode 5, transfer gate oxide film 3 and the p type semiconductor substrate 1 appear as shown in FIG. 1G. When a transfer gate electrode 5 is formed on the channel surface with a transfer gate oxide film 3 provided therebetween, the bands change as shown in FIG. 1H. The change of bands occurs because the Fermi level E.sub.FG of the transfer gate electrode 5 and the Fermi level E.sub.FS of the semiconductor substrate 1 become equal to produce balanced conditions and the band in the vicinity of the surface of the semiconductor substrate 1 is bent downwards under the effect of the electric field by the transfer gate electrode 5. After forming the transfer gate 5, as shown in FIG. 1H, free electrons are induced in

In general, most direct spray fuel injectors that directly inject a fuel into a combustion chamber of an engine recently operate and are controlled in an electronic manner. A representative example thereof may include an injector having an opening/closing valve structure marked by reference numeral 101 of FIG. 1.
The injector 101 includes a bundle of opening/closing valves 110 including a valve needle 105 that directly opens and closes a spray hole 113, an electromagnetic coil 107 that pulls the valve needle 105 when the spray hole 113 is opened, an armature 109 that pulls the valve needle 105 by gravity of the electromagnetic coil 107, and a pressurizing spring 111 that elastically pressurizes the valve needle 105 against the spray hole 113, as illustrated in FIG. 1.
Thus, the injector 101 according to the relate art closes the spray hole 113 due to a valve ball 125 when the valve needle 105 is pressurized toward the spray hole 113 together with a stop ring 115 pressurized by an elastic force of the pressurizing spring 111 in normal times when no injection operation is performed, as illustrated in FIGS. 1 and 2.
However, when the injector 101 operates so as to inject the fuel under the high pressure, first, the electromagnetic coil 107 of the bundle of opening/closing valves 110 is excited. Thus, the armature 109 is pulled by a magnetic force of the electromagnetic coil 107, compresses a buffer spring 120 against a stop sleeve 117, is lifted upwardly in the drawing and thus contacts the stop ring 115.
The armature 109 pulled by the electromagnetic coil 107 even after contacting the stop ring 115 compresses the pressurizing spring 111 through the stop ring 115 and is lifted, as illustrated in FIG. 3. Thus, the valve needle 105 is lifted together with the armature 109 and opens the spray hole 113 such that a high-pressure fuel filled in a housing 103 can be injected into the combustion chamber.
Then, when injection of the injector 101 is completed, in contrast, the electromagnetic coil 107 is demagnetized and thus gravity of the electromagnetic coil 107 that pulls the armature 109 disappears. Thus, the valve needle 105 intends to return to a normal state illustrated in FIG. 2 and to close the spray hole 113. However, the valve needle 105 is bounced due to an elastic repulsive force generated when the valve ball 125 and a valve seat around the spray hole 113 contact each other or a high spray pressure in the spray hole 113 and is again lifted upwardly in the drawing, as illustrated

Second, unlike the case of a visual user interface, in an audio user interface, the problem of data entry availability can be compounded with the problem of speech recognition. In particular, in the case of a visual user interface, the user can select an available data entry with a mouse-click or by typing the acceptable data entry. In either case, the user-supplied data entry is unmistakable. In contrast, in the case of an audio user interface, in addition to surmounting the data availability process, the user-supplied data must surmount recognition problems associated with the speech recognition process. More specifically, anything that is to be audibly supplied to a field in a form through an audio user interface not only must be considered an available entry from the perspective of the data information system, but also must be considered a speech recognizable entry from the perspective of the speech recognition engine.
For example, in a voice response system, each word supplied as a voice response must exist in a speech recognition grammar in order to successfully undergo a speech-to-text conversion process. If a user utters a word not contained in the speech recognition grammar, an Out of Grammar (hereinafter xe2x80x9cOOGxe2x80x9d) condition can arise. Typically, a voice response system can respond to an OOG condition by xe2x80x9cthrowingxe2x80x9d an OOG exception. When an OOG exception is thrown, a voice response system can only inform the user that the voice response provided to the voice response system was not understood (because it was not located in the speech recognition grammar).
The circumstance in which a user interacts with a voice response system for providing information regarding particular cities is an example of this problem. When prompted by the voice response system to provide the name of a city for which the voice response system can provide information, a user can utter, xe2x80x9cSunnyxe2x80x9d as in Sunny Ga. Preferably, if the voice response system does not contain information Sunny Ga. the user should be notified, xe2x80x9cThere is no information on Sunny, Ga.xe2x80x9d. However, if Georgia is not included in the speech recognition grammar, when the user utters Sunny Ga., the voice response system will throw an OOG exception and the data information system will respond with, xe2x80x9cI did not understand what you

This invention relates to pipeline repair or hot tapping couplings, and more particularly to a coupling which may be applied to an underwater pipeline and which may be pressure-tested while the pipeline is shut off.
Split couplings have been used for many years to repair above-ground and subsurface pipelines. It was not until the past 10 years that split couplings having gasket seals have been applied to underwater pipelines to repair or hot-tap those pipeines. There are many problems involved in applying couplings to underwater pipelines due to the massiveness of the coupling, the conditions under which the divers must work, and the fact that such pipelines are normally encased in concrete which is cured under almost ideal conditions. Because of the depths, divers can spend only 60 to 80 minutes on the bottom. For 60 minutes at 130 feet, a diver has to decompress for nine minutes at 30 feet and 23 minutes at 20 feet. An additional 75 minutes must be spent in a decompression chamber. After decompressing for almost 2 hours, the diver should wait 12 hours before making another device. For 80 minutes on the bottom, the decompression time is 2 hours and 44 minutes. Furthermore, turbulent weather conditions may stir up the bottom to reduce the visibility to substantially zero. The massiveness of the coupling also contributes to the difficult working conditions.
Because of the foregoing problems, and since good underwater welding is considered only 75 to 85 percent as effective as ordinary welding, bolted-on, self-sealing split couplings have been successfully employed for underwater pipeline repair work. Those couplings include a pair of members each having semicylindrical inner surfaces and a pair of flanges adapted to oppose the flanges of the other member. A gasket continuously extends circumferentially on each semicylindrical surface and along the flanges so that when the coupling is applied to the pipe and the flanges are bolted together, the gasket surrounds the area of the pipe to be repaired or hot-tapped to effectively seal that area. While the seal is adequate and eliminates the necessity for seam welding (although such welding is sometimes done as a precautionary measure), it is generally impossible to test the effectiveness of the seal without pressurizing the line. If the coupling is not properly mated, leaks may occur when the line is pressurized, necessitating inspection and repositioning of the coupling. Furthermore, the coupling cannot be pressure-tested by line pressure which exceeds 80 percent or the like of the average yield strength of the pipe as determined by tensile tests, since such internal pressures

The present invention relates to a lens that is capable of correcting chromatic aberration by itself. Also, the present invention relates to a device for correcting the chromatic aberration inherent in optical system. More particularly, the present invention relates to a chromatic aberration correcting device that is intended for use in combination with a single aspheric lens that is corrected for aberrations other than chromatic ones.
The use of a single objective lens having an aspheric surface on both sides has expanded these days in the art of optical disks and one of the principal reasons for this use is its contribution to weight reduction. However, the single lens in conventional use has been incapable of effective correction of chromatic aberration. A laser diode which is used as a light source for optical disks has the disadvantage that its emission wavelength is shifted on account of the change either in the output power of the laser or in the temperature. Hence, if the objective lens is not corrected for chromatic aberration, the focusing position of light rays will change in response to the shift in wavelength and this can cause errors when reading or writing information.
To solve this problem, the present inventors previously proposed chromatic aberration correcting devices that had two or three glass lens elements cemented together (see Japanese Patent Public Disclosure Nos. Hei 3-155514 and 3-155515). By combining either one of these chromatic correcting devices with a single aspheric lens, one could offer a lens system that was immune to the effect of wavelength variations, requiring less lens elements than the conventional system that is effectively corrected for chromatic aberration.
However, the techniques proposed in the two patents cited above suffer from the disadvantage that in order to correct chromatic aberration, it is necessary to provide a device that is not directly concerned with the focusing action inherent in the objective lens. Therefore, optical system that is properly corrected for chromatic aberration weighs more and requires more parts than optical system that is not corrected.
The conventional chromatic aberration correcting device has had the problem that its manufacturing cost is so high as to cancel the advantage of lower cost that results from the use of a single aspheric lens, whereby the net benefit is reduced to nil.
The present invention has been accomplished under these circumstances and has as an object providing a lens that utilizes diffraction effect so as to correct chromatic aberration effectively without unduly increasing the number of lens elements.
The present invention has been accomplished under these circumstances and has as an object providing a chromatic aberration correcting

Furthermore, the pressure differential (and hence the attractive forces) may be varied for certain applications (i.e., maintain separate distances between the impeller end and the surface) by changing the speed of the impellers. The impeller speed can be changed by varying the power input or with a gear transmission system. Additionally, a gear transmission may also relate power from the impeller power source to auxiliary devices.
The principles of the vortex flow and reduced pressure are applicable in multiple applications, on scales ranging from microscopic to very large. The vortex attractor may be used alone, in combination with wheel or tracks, on a conveyor belt, etc. Various devices may be attached to the vortex attractor for sensing, measuring, recording, etc. A warning system may be provided for vortex attractors operating on a limited power source, such as a battery, to prevent the attractor from failing while in use. Furthermore, the vortex attractor may be controlled manually, remotely by computer, conventional remote control or via on-board software. The controlled elements of the vortex attractor may include impeller speed, by variations in power input and/or by gear changes, impeller blade distance from the impeller end of the containing ring or outer shield or power source variations.
A substantially modified vortex attractor comprises an impeller or vanes and a shell having an inner shield and an outer shield. The vanes may be mounted to a backplate, or an impeller assembly may be separately rotatable relative to the inner shield. The impeller is positioned within one end of the outer shield (the impeller end), and the inner shield is concentric to the outer shield, and generally prevents fluid flow within the center of the portion of the outer shield behind the impeller assembly. Fluid is directed through the center of the impellers and spirals out through the region between the inner shield and the outer shield. Attractive forces are generated toward the impeller end of the outer shield due to the vortex flow extending therefrom.
Therefore, according to the present invention,an efficient device is provided that uses the low pressure zone created by a vortex fluid flow to attract objects or attract itself to a surface. This device may be employed for numerous purposes, such as industrial transport, underwater lifting, electromagnet applications, switches, sensors, detectors, toys and other applications where objects or tools are displaced and/or maintained in a suspended or removably adhered position.
Lifting Devices
In the field of industrial transport, a vortex attractor may be

The present invention relates to an apparatus for an a method of positioning and holding a photosensitive material to be used in a reproduction apparatus and particularly to an apparatus for and a method of positioning and holding a photosensitive material or the like having a sheet form to be placed on a photographing portion shaped like a table (referred to hereinafter as a photographing table) of a process camera.
2. Description of the Prior Art
It is well known that such a conventional process camera as shown in FIG. 1 has been used in graphic arts.
This vertical-type process camera comprises: a photographing table 2 provided in an upper portion of a frame body 1 and having a transparent plate 12; a lens mount 4 with a lens 5, provided under the photographing table 2 and movable vertically by means of bellows 3; an original table 7 having a pair of light sources 6, provided under the lens mount 4 in a vertically movable manner; and a transparent pressure plate 8 placed on the original table 7 for fixedly holding an original between the table 7 and the pressure plate 8. Thus, an image of the original held between the original table 7 and the pressure plate 8 is focused on a transparent plate 12 of the photographing table 2 through the lens 5 with a desired magnification and a photosensitive material 10 placed on the transparent plate 12 with its photosensitive surface directed downward is exposed so that the image is printed on the material 10.
The photographing table 2 comprises means 19 for positioning and holding the photosensitive material as shown in FIG. 2, as is well-known in the prior art.
More specifically, the positioning and holding means 19 comprises: a positioning mark sheet 21 having corner marks 22 for positioning along an optical axis of the camera the photosensitive material 10 placed on the transparent plate 12 of the photographing table 2; a light intercepting device 23 for spreading a light intercepting overlay sheet 25 over the mark sheet 21 under which the photosensitive material 10 is placed; and evacuation means 16 for evacuating the air between the transparent plate 12 and the overlay sheet 25 placed thereon through an evacuation channel 13 provided in peripheral portions of the transparent plate 12. The photosensitive material 10 is positioned between the transparent plate 12 and the mark sheet 21 by setting the corners of the photosensitive material 10 to the corner marks 22 while inserting the photosensitive material 10 therebetween. A sheet roller 26 of the light intercepting device 23 is rotated toward a front side directed to an operator, so as to spread the overlay sheet 25 on the photographing table 2. Then, the evacuation means

The actual torque can be measured with the aid of a torque sensor. It is also known in accordance with German Published Patent Application No. 44 45 684 to determine the actual torque as a function of the rotational speed of the internal combustion engine.
It is an object of the present invention to create a method for operating an internal combustion engine, which enables a smooth transition to the second operating mode of the internal combustion engine and, thus, to the regeneration of the adsorption catalyst.
According to the present invention, in the case of a method of the species cited at the outset, this object is achieved in that an actual torque is determined during the transition to the second operating mode of the internal combustion engine, a torque difference between the setpoint torque and the actual torque is calculated, and in that the setpoint fuel mass and/or the setpoint air mass is/are controlled as a function of the torque difference.
As mentioned, determining the setpoint fuel mass and/or setpoint air mass as a function of the setpoint torque can lead to comfort problems during the transition to the regeneration of the adsorption catalyst. In this context, the comfort problems are the result of the actual torque deviating from the desired setpoint torque. Such a deviation is detected by comparing the actual torque and the setpoint torque in accordance with the present invention. According to the present invention, the indicated torque difference is limited to a minimum by subsequently influencing the setpoint fuel mass and/or the setpoint air mass as a function of the determined torque difference. Finally, the present invention makes it possible to immediately detect any deviations in torque and to take appropriate countermeasures. The torque deviations can, thus, be kept to a minimum. At the same time, this represents an increase in comfort during the transition to the rich operating mode of the internal combustion engine and, thus, during the regeneration of the adsorption catalyst.
In this context, it is significant that a torque sensor is not required for determining the torque difference in accordance with the present invention. Instead, as already mentioned, it is also possible to derive the actual torque from the rotational speed of the internal combustion engine, as an absolute quantity. Thus, no additional sensor or the like is needed to carry out the present invention. At the same time, this represents a reduction in cost and constructive effort.
It is particularly advantageous when the actual torque is determined from the rotational speed of the internal combustion engine, as a relative quantity. If the setpoint torque is also determined as a relative quantity, comparing these

In recent years, sports equipment manufacturers have increasingly turned to different kinds of materials to enhance their sporting equipment. In so doing, entire lines of sports equipment have been developed whose stiffness or flexibility characteristics are but a shade different from each other. Such a shade of difference, however, may be enough to give the individual equipment user an edge over the competition or enhance sports performance.
The user may choose a particular piece of sports equipment having a desired stiffness or flexibility characteristic and, during play, switch to a different piece of sports equipment that is slightly more flexible or stiffer to suit changing playing conditions or to help compensate for weariness or fatigue. Such switching, of course, is subject to availability of different pieces of sports equipment from which to choose.
That is, subtle changes in the stiffness or flexibility characteristics of sports equipment may not be available between different pieces of sports equipment, because the characteristics may be fixed by the manufacturer from the choice of materials, design, etc. Further, the user must have the different pieces of sports equipment nearby during play or they are essentially unavailable to the user.
Turning to various types of sports, it can be seen how the lack of adjustability in stiffness and flexibility may adversely affect optimum performance of the player.
Hockey
Hockey includes, but is not limited to, ice hockey, street hockey, roller hockey, field hockey and floor hockey.
Hockey players may require that the flexure of the hockey stick be changed to better assist in the wrist shot or slap shot needed at that particular junction of a game or which the player was better at making. Players may not usually leave the field to switch to a different piece of equipment during play.
Younger players may require more flex in the hockey stick due to lack of strength; such flex may mean the difference between the younger player being able to lift the puck or not when making a shot since a stiffer flex in the stick may not allow the player to achieve such lift.
In addition, as the younger players ages and increases in strength, the player may desire a stiffer hockey stick, which in accordance with convention means the hockey player would need to purchase additional hockey stick shafts with the desired stiffness and flexibility characteristics. Indeed, to cover a full range of nuances of differing stiffness and flexibility characteristics, hockey players would have available many different types of hockey sticks.
Even so, the hockey player may merely want to make a slight adjustment to the stiffness or flexibility of a given hockey stick to improve the nuances of the play. Such

The present invention relates, generally, to automotive powertrain systems and, more specifically, to a wheel-end disconnect assembly for powertrain systems.
2. Description of the Related Art
Conventional automotive vehicles known in the art include a powertrain system in rotational communication with one or more drivelines. Typically, the vehicle includes a pair of drivelines, each defined by a respective pair of opposing wheels. The powertrain system includes a propulsion system adapted to generate and selectively translate rotational torque to one or more of the wheels so as to drive the vehicle. To that end, in conventional automotive powertrain systems, the propulsion system is typically realized as an internal combustion engine in rotational communication with a transmission. The engine generates rotational torque which is selectively translated to the transmission which, in turn, translates rotational torque to one or more of the drivelines. The transmission multiplies the rotational speed and torque generated by the engine through a series of predetermined gear sets, whereby changing between gear sets enables the vehicle to travel at different vehicle speeds for a given engine speed.
In so-called “four-wheel-drive” or “all-wheel-drive” powertrain systems, both drivelines are used to drive the vehicle. To that end, all wheel drive powertrain systems typically include a transfer case disposed in rotational communication with the transmission and adapted to split rotational torque between the drivelines. The transfer case may be spaced from the transmission, or may be integrated with the transmission. Where the transfer case is spaced from the transmission, a driveshaft is used to translate rotational torque from the transmission to the transfer case. Driveshafts are also typically used to connect the transfer case to each respective driveline. Conventional drivelines are commonly realized by a differential assembly adapted to receive rotational torque from the transfer case and subsequently split rotational torque between opposing wheels. To that end, each driveline also typically includes a pair of continuously-variable joints disposed in torque translating relationship with the differential and each respective opposing wheel.
Depending on the specific configuration of the powertrain system, the percentage of torque split between the drivelines may vary. Moreover, depending on the vehicle application, the transfer case and/or driveline(s) may be configured to interrupt rotational torque to one of the drivelines under certain operating conditions. Specifically, the powertrain system may be configured such that the vehicle can be selectively operated in “two-wheel-drive” or

In such multi-layered media, the distance between layers is set such that light reflected by a record layer different from the record layer being accessed does not interfere with the light reflected from the record layer being accessed. At a point far away from the focus point, light reflected from the medium disperses without being condensed by a lens, resulting in a level that is ignorable as signal magnitude. Optical limitations are imposed, however, such that all the multi-layers need to be disposed within a focus tolerable range (focus depth) that allows various satisfactory characteristics to be obtained. Because of this, the inter-layer distance cannot be widened as much as desired. As a result, interference with the light reflected from other layers occurs to no small extent.
An example of a multi-layered structure that has been put to practical use includes a two-layered version of DVD-ROM. This structure has two layers stamped at the factory and designed for Read-Only, so that a large margin is provided against various fluctuation. For the tracking purpose, the DPD (differential phase detection) method that uses a phase difference derived from the edges of a reproduced signal is employed, which provides a strong tolerance against changes in the light intensity (signal magnitude) caused by the interference with light reflected from other layers. Because of the Read-Only configuration, there is no need to detect a track and/or a wobble resulting from the wobbling of the track (groove). Trouble due to the interference with light reflected from other layers is thus rare.
A medium having a plurality of recordable layers is disclosed in Patent Document 1, 2, and so on, for example. These inventions improve the feasibility of multi-layered recording by specifying the record film characteristics such as record film thickness and record film material of the media designed for multi-layered recording. Further, Patent Document 3 discloses providing a wobble on each layer of a multi-layered record medium and inserting address information into the wobble.
As the feasibility of multi-layered recording increases based on basic research, essential technologies have been identified and invented. Needless to say, various types of servo signals and wobble signals are inevitably necessary in multi-layered media. It is important to manage the characteristics of these signals or define such characteristics as standards in order to improve compatibility and maintain stable quality.
[Patent Document 1] Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 2000-235733
[Patent Document 2] Japanese Patent Application

The production of documents such as checks, bank drafts, traveler's checks, currency and the like has special problems associated therewith not normally associated with the production of ordinary printed matter. For example, such documents are prone to unlawful duplication or counterfeiting. Therefore, in order to eliminate or minimize such unlawful acts, the documents are printed using special paper, special inks, and in highly sophisticated and complex patterns.
In addition, security requirements dictate that each of such documents be accounted for by the printing thereon in one or more areas data in the form of serialized numeric and/or alpha-numeric indicia. Such serialization enables the issuer of such documents to maintain a record as to what documents are in circulation. In the case of traveler's checks the issuer has a means of maintaining a record of the precise checks which have been issued to particular customers. Thus, checks that are lost or stolen are easily replaceable and counterfeit or unlawfully duplicated checks are easily identifiable.
Also for various reasons, for example, aesthetics, guaranty of authenticity of origin and genuineness of the document, it is desirable that such documents meet certain quality standards. Thus, much effort is expended by the various agencies and businesses issuing such documents to assure the release of only those documents which meet predetermined quality criteria. Thus, governments issuing currency and businesses issuing documents such as traveler's checks expend great effort to prevent the issuance of flawed or imperfect documents.
Presently known methods of accomplishing the aforegoing, for example, in currency or traveler's check production require that each document be visually inspected for flaws by a human inspector. In practice, the documents are printed in sheets of, for example 8.times.4 documents with each sheet containing 32 documents. Each document is printed with serialized indicia. If all the documents pass the visual inspection for quality, the sheets are cut into individual documents and stacked sequentially according to their serial number.
On the other hand, when visual inspection uncovers one or more flawed documents, the documents are rejected. However, in order that consecutive serialization be maintained, the rejected documents must be replaced with documents previously printed save for the serial numbers. These documents then have the appropriate serial numbers printed thereon and manually placed in correct sequential order.
As can be readily appreciated, the foregoing described procedure of inspection and replacement of rejected documents is time consuming, prone to human error, and costly.
The present invention relates to an apparatus wherein the foregoing procedure of inspection and printing serial numbers is fully automated.

Multichannel optical fibers bundles provide very flexible tools for light transmission to and/or light receiving from some object. In general case such a bundles can be designed as a structure of fibers with prescribed positions of their ends in a sensitive probe tip bundled into specific light transmitting and light receiving channels.
Such bundles have many important applications. They can be used, for example, in various spectroscopic devices, process-photometers as a sensitive probe and light transmitting tool. Other applications of the bundles include high sensitive sensors of displacement or vibration measuring systems. Moreover, an ordered optical fiber bundle can be used as a light transmitting and reading device of raster type for linear detecting and light emitting components.
Many optical fiber bundles of various constructions have been designed and numerous methods of manufacturing of the bundles have been developed.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,244,894 describes photoelectric detection device utilizing randomized optical light conducting means which use a randomized single channel bundle.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,702,275 describes a fiber optic encoding-decoding apparatus and method for its fabrication. The apparatus employs an image encoding-decoding single channel bundle. The bundle is fabricated by steps of coiling the fiber into a thyroidal bundle of fiber convolutions. A randomization between fibers can be performed only for reproducing the image portion in random.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,383,192 describes a method of making fiberscope. It utilizes the fiber bundles that comprise a flexible structure of fibers.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,328,143 offers a method of making light-conducting optical multifiber structures which utilize a fiber optical image-transfer device.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,586,562 describes a method of making scrambled branched fiber optics. This method utilizes a mixed scrambling of branched fiber optic which is an initial layer of fibers on a drum of drawing machine. The fibers intermediate the tape strips are secured together by cement, and the fibers are then cut in the lacquered sections.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,674,452 claims a method of fabricating illuminated fiber optics. This method involves initially fabricating a fiber optic conduit, wherein a plurality of light-conducting fibers are formed in a bundle with a predetermined geometrical configuration at the first end and an identical geometrical configuration at the second end of the bundle.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,669,639 describes a method for production of a fused

This invention relates to a connection method and a connection device for electrical connection of small portions, in particular, various portions in electronic parts, etc.
2. Description of the Related Art
In order to electrically connect the inner lead portion of a lead frame and a bonding pad formed on a semiconductor chip, a wire bonding method using a gold wire or aluminum wire is generally used. Recently, method of forming a bump on a bonding pad and electrically connecting the bump to the wiring pattern formed on a film carrier or electrically connecting the bump to the wiring pattern formed on the board as in TAB (tape automated bonding) or flip-chip bonding have been used. With the above methods, the bonding pad and the bonding wire, the bonding wire and the inner lead portion, and the bump and the wiring pattern are electrically connected to each other by metal bonding. Further, soldering is often used for electrical connection at the time of mounting of electronic parts on the printed-circuit board.
However, the wire bonding method has defects that the arrangement of elements formed on the semiconductor chip is limited and it is difficult to reduce the pitch between the pads. That is, in order to connect the bonding wire and the bonding pad to each other by metal bonding, it is necessary to apply a physical load such as heat, pressure or ultrasonic vibration to the connection portion. Therefore, when a semiconductor element is formed in an area directly under the bonding pad, the element may be damaged and the characteristic thereof may be deteriorated. Thus, the semiconductor element cannot be formed in an area near or directly under the bonding pad. Further, since the shortest distance between adjacent bonding wires is limited by the outer diameter of a bonding capillary, it is practically difficult to reduce the pitch between the pads to be less than 100 .mu.m. For this reason, the chip size of a semiconductor chip in which a large number of pads are required to be formed must be increased.
In a connection method using no bonding wire, unlike TAB or flip-chip bonding, a larger amount of heat and a higher pressure may be often applied to the connection portion than in the wire bonding method. For this reason, the elements formed in the semiconductor chip may be often damaged. Further, the pad pitch may be reduced to less than approximately 80 .mu.m, but since it is not preferable to reduce the size of the bump from the viewpoint of the mechanical strength, reduction in the pad pitch is limited. Further, since a large number of bumps and a large number of wiring patterns are connected at

As field effect transistor channel lengths (i.e., gate widths) became smaller than about 3 microns, so-called short channel effects began to become increasingly significant. As a result, device design and consequently process technology had to be modified to take these effects into account so that optimum device performance could continue to be obtained. For example, as device dimensions are reduced and the supply voltage remains constant, the lateral electric field generated within the substrate increases. If the field becomes strong enough, it can give rise to so-called hot-carrier effects. This becomes a significant problem with channel lengths smaller than 1.5 microns. Hot-carrier effects cause unacceptable performance degradation in n-type transistor devices built with conventional drain structures if their channel lengths are less than 2 microns.
A preferred method of overcoming this problem is to provide lightly doped drain (LDD) regions within the substrate relative to the channel region in advance of the source and drain regions. The LDD regions are provided to be lighter conductively doped (i.e., less concentration) than the source and drain regions. This facilitates sharing of the voltage drop by the drain in the channel, as opposed to the stark voltage drop at the channel occurring in non-LDD n-type transistors. The LDD regions absorb some of the voltage drop potential into the drain, thus effectively eliminating hot carrier effects. As a result, the stability of the device is increased.
However, further shrinking of the gate width (i.e., shorter channel length) makes the LDD region of a conventional transistor less effective. For example, shorter channel lengths require the LDD length to be reduced to ensure sufficient semiconductive material between the diffusion regions to prevent conductance when the gate voltage is off. One way of attending to such problems is to displace the predominant portion of the source and drain regions outwardly away from the substrate by elevating them. For example, a thin (e.g., 200-nm) epitaxial layer of monocrystalline silicon can be selectively grown from an exposed monocrystalline source and drain substrate areas within an epi reactor, and provided with sufficiently high conductivity doping to effectively provide source and drain regions. The lighter doped LDD regions can be provided within the substrate immediately below the elevated source and drain. Thus, a channel of sufficient length is effectively provided despite the smaller width gate.
One preferred prior art method for providing elevated sources and drains is to first provide a contact opening within an insulating dielectric layer immediately adjacent a word line over the desired

Industrial-rated circuit breakers are available having operating components that are designed for automatic assembly to provide cost improvement as well as improved operating efficiency. The precision alignment performed by the automated assembly equipment allows the operating components within the circuit breaker operation mechanism to be installed within very close operating tolerances. The operating mechanism assembly includes a pair of powerful operating springs that are overcentered for rapidly driving the movable contact arm and the attached movable contact away from the stationary fixed contact to interrupt the circuit current. The operating mechanism includes a cradle operator which engages a latch assembly to prevent the movable contact arm from being driven to its open position under the urgence of the charged operating springs. The compact latch assembly includes a primary and secondary latch operating within a common support structure.
With higher ampere-rated industrial circuit breaker designs in the range of 1200 ampere continuous current carrying capacity, the correspondingly larger operating springs provide a substantially increased holding force to the circuit breaker contacts such that a correspondingly larger force is required to manually separate the circuit breaker contacts to reset and close the operating mechanism. The increased current transfer through the compact circuit breaker enclosure during overcurrent conditions produces an arc upon contact separation that is difficult to quench and deionize within the close confines of the correspondingly compact arc chamber.
The increased temperature generated within the compact circuit breaker enclosure during circuit interruption heats up several of the current-carrying components such as the movable contact and movable contact arm whereby additional thermal insulating means are required to prevent damage to the lower-temperature materials used within the circuit breaker enclosure.
The increased current creates a correspondingly increased arc that requires additional inter-phasal line lug baffles as well as additional electrical isolation between the electrical and electronic components within the circuit breaker enclosure.
One purpose of the instant invention accordingly is to provide a compact circuit breaker having sufficient capability to allow manual movement of the operating handle to reset and close the circuit breaker against the bias of the operating mechanism springs.
A second purpose of this invention is to provide supplemental arc extinguishing means to the compact circuit breaker enclosure to allow complete and rapid circuit interruption at the higher circuit ratings and to prevent the occurrence of inter-phasal faults exterior to the enclosure.
A still further purpose of the invention is to provide a compact circuit breaker having means for externally viewing the condition of the circuit breaker contacts.
An additional purpose of the invention is to allow the hot movable contact arm to impact against the bumper attached to the circuit breaker cover

A further disadvantage inherent in prior art multiplexed writing heads, wherein many nibs are connected to a single high voltage driver, is that plotting speed may be limited due to the need for a minimum write time of 20 to 30 microseconds per writing group. Any less writing time would result in severe image degradation. With an average of 50 nib writing groups, the speed at which one scan line may be drawn is determined by the product of the minimum writing time times the number of writing groups, thus approximately 1000 to 1500 microseconds. This translates into two inches per second at 400 lines per inch resolution or less than 1 inch per second at 1000 lines per inch. It will be appreciated that the prior art is severely limiting for high speed printing applications.
Another disadvantage of a prior art multiplexed writing heads is the uneven charge distribution at the fringes of each nib group which may result in image striations or "banding" during the writing and toning process. This is a considerable problem in the prior art and many attempts have been made to minimize uneven charge distribution, but to no avail.
Prior art writing head structures have the disadvantage of taking up prohibitively large amounts of space with so called mother boards, including large and bulky connectors and so called daughter boards which contain large number of high voltage drivers as well as pull-up and series resistors. These prior art interconnect schemes are unduly space consuming and are in addition prohibitively expensive and unreliable.
In addition, in order to achieve reasonably fast RC writing time constants on the order of 100 microseconds, the value of the pull-up resistors needs to be fairly low. This however, has the disadvantage of high power dissipation and low reliability when several thousand nibs are switching simultaneously.
In the prior art, other attempts have been made to substantially reduce intercoupling capacitance and flaring by using thin film elements in an electrographic writing head. Thin film elements are disadvantageous because they are very expensive to manufacture and require complex processing techniques as compared to thick film elements which may be implemented on printed circuit boards.
Previously, it was thought impractical or impossible to use exclusively thick film elements in an integrated electrographic writing head. The lower limit of writing nib thickness is governed by catastrophic damage of the writing nib end due to disintegration upon application of a high voltage and subsequent discharge. Although it is possible to reduce the energy delivered to the nib, there is a limit as to how far the voltage can be reduced and still obtain a suitable writing discharge. It was further believed however

Inhibition of p38 has been shown to inhibit both cytokine production (eg., TNFα, IL-1, IL-6, IL-8) and proteolytic enzyme production (eg., MMP-1, MMP-3) in vitro and/or in vivo. The mitogen activated protein (MAP) kinase p38 is involved in IL-1 and TNF signaling pathways (Lee, J. C.; Laydon, J. T.; McDonnell, P. C.; Gallagher, T. F.; Kumar, S.; Green, D.; McNulty, D.; Blumenthal, M. J.; Heys, J. R.; Landvatter, S. W.; Stricker, J. E.; McLaughlin, M. M.; Siemens, I. R.; Fisher, S. M.; Livi, G. P.; White, J. R.; Adams, J. L.; Yound, P. R. Nature 1994, 372, 739).
Clinical studies have linked TNFα production and/or signaling to a number of diseases including rheumatoid arthritis (Maini. J. Royal Coll. Physicians London 1996, 30, 344). In addition, excessive levels of TNFα have been implicated in a wide variety of inflammatory and/or immunomodulatory diseases, including acute rheumatic fever (Yegin et al. Lancet 1997, 349, 170), bone resorption (Pacifici et al. J. Clin. Endocrinol. Metabol. 1997, 82, 29), postmenopausal osteoperosis (Pacifici et al. J. Bone Mineral Res. 1996, 11, 1043), sepsis (Blackwell et al. Br. J. Anaesth. 1996, 77, 110), gram negative sepsis (Debets et al. Prog. Clin. Biol. Res. 1989, 308, 463), septic shock (Tracey et al. Nature 1987, 330, 662; Girardin et al. New England J. Med. 1988, 319, 397), endotoxic shock (Beutler et al. Science 1985, 229, 869; Ashkenasi et al. Proc. Nat'l. Acad. Sci. USA 1991, 88, 10535), toxic shock syndrome, (Saha et al. J. Immunol. 1996, 157, 3869; Lina et al. FEMS Immunol. Med. Microbiol. 1996, 13, 81), systemic inflammatory response syndrome (Anon. Crit. Care

A wide variety of diseases and maladies can be treated by surgical intervention. Increasingly, however, less invasive procedures are sought to achieve similar objectives while reducing risks and recovery time associated with more traditional surgical approaches. For example, a variety of thoracic surgical procedures, such as treatment of aortic aneurysms and arterial stenosis, were traditionally performed via a gross thoracotomy. Less invasive procedures, such as balloon-expanded stents and PTCA, have been developed which avoid the need for a gross thoracotomy, requiring instead only a small incision to gain access to the thoracic cavity intravascularly or through an intercostal opening.
Cardiac arrhythmias present a significant health problem. Cardiac arrhythmias include ventricular tachycardias, supra ventricular tachycardias, and atrial fibrillation. Of these, atrial fibrillation is the most common cardiac arrhythmia. It has been estimated that over one million people in the United States alone suffer from atrial fibrillation. Incidence of atrial fibrillation is expected to increase over the next several decades as populations in the United States and Europe trend older because atrial fibrillation tends to become more common with increasing age.
Atrial fibrillation may be treated with medication intended to maintain normal sinus rhythm and/or decrease ventricular response rates. Not all atrial fibrillation may be successfully managed with medication, though. A surgical approach was developed to create an electrical maze in the atrium with the intention of preventing the atria from fibrillating. Known, appropriately, as the “maze” procedure, this technique involves making atrial incisions which interrupt pathways for reentry circuits which can cause atrial fibrillation and instead direct the cardiac electrical impulse through both atria before allowing the signal to activate the ventricles. As a result, virtually the entire atrial myocardium, with the exception of the atrial appendages and the pulmonary veins, can be electrically activated. The maze procedure is very effective in reducing or eliminating atrial fibrillation. Unfortunately, the procedure is difficult to perform and has traditionally required a gross thoracotomy and cardiopulmonary bypass to permit the surgeon appropriate access to the patient's heart.
Several less invasive techniques have been proposed for achieving a similar maze-like effect in the atrial myocardium without requiring direct surgical intervention. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 6,267,760 (Swanson) and U.S. Pat. No. 6,237,605 (Vaska et al.), both of which are incorporated entirely herein by reference, suggest RF ablation devices intended to ablate cardiac tissue and create atrial myocardial lesions to achieve much the same

The two commonly employed methods for breeding animals are natural mating and artificial insemination. In addition, a small number of animals are bred by embryo transfer. In this technique, a female is impregnated either naturally or by artificial insemination and six to ten days thereafter her uterus is flushed and any viable embryos are recovered. The recovered embryos are then implanted into surrogate mothers. Often the female is superovulated by hormone treatments prior to impregnation to increase the yield of embryos. For example, in cows, superovulation can increase the number of viable embryos recovered from one to about five to fifteen.
With the widespread acceptance and use of artificial insemination for animal breeding, large quantities of sperm are commonly collected and banked for future use, in essence creating a limitless supply of sperm. Equally important, artificial insemination permits the genes from the most desirable animals to be made far more widely available than with natural mating techniques. For example, sperm collected from a single superior bull can be used to impregnate thousands of cows by artificial insemination. Heretofore, however, there has existed no practical method for collecting large numbers of fertilizable ova from females and, as a result, there is no efficient method comparable to artificial insemination for improving the quality of livestock by the widespread breeding of superior females. Embryo transfer which is designed to overcome this problem is inefficient and expensive and therefore not appropriate for widespread use.
The reason large numbers of fertilizable ova have heretofor not been available relates to the reproductive biology of females. Mature males are continuously producing large numbers of sperm. However, in female mammals, only certain cells in the ovaries are capable of maturing into ova. These germ cells, which usually number about 200,000 to 300,000 per ovary in most mammals, are present at birth, are held in the ovary, arrested in an early stage of meiosis and incapable of being fertilized and developing into normal young. Under normal circumstances, a number of these cells begin to develop within the ovary with a periodicity tuned to the animal's sexual cycle. At the appropriate time in the sex cycle, either one or a small number of these cells (depending on whether the animal is a litter bearer) will be released from the ovary, a process known as ovulation. The complex process by which an individual germ cell develops to the point at which ovulation occurs is known as folliculogenesis. Folliculogenesis involves several major steps and the coordinated activities of other

The National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke (NINCDS) and the Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Association (ADRDA) established the most commonly used NINCDS-ADRDA Alzheimer's Criteria for diagnosis in 1984. According to the NINCDS/ADRDA. These criteria are the following:                Definitive Alzheimer's disease: The patient meets the criteria for probable Alzheimer's disease and shows histopathologic evidence of AD via autopsy or biopsy.        Probable or prodromal Alzheimer's disease: Dementia has been established by clinical and neuropsychological examination. Cognitive impairments also have to be progressive and be present in two or more areas of cognition. The onset of the deficits has been between the ages of 40 and 90 years and finally there must be an absence of other diseases capable of producing a dementia syndrome.        Possible or non-prodromal Alzheimer's disease: There is a dementia syndrome with an atypical onset, presentation or progression; and without a known etiology; but no co-morbid diseases capable of producing dementia are believed to be in the origin of it.        Unlikely Alzheimer's disease: The patient presents a dementia syndrome with a sudden onset, focal neurologic signs, or seizures or gait disturbance early in the course of the illness.        
Mild cognitive impairment (MCI, also known as incipient dementia, or isolated memory impairment) is a diagnosis given to individuals who have cognitive impairments beyond that expected for their age and education, but that do not interfere significantly with their daily activities (Petersen R C et al. (1999) Arch. Neurol. 56 (3): 303-8). It is considered to be the boundary or transitional stage between normal aging and dementia. Although MCI can present with a variety of symptoms, when memory loss is the predominant symptom it is termed “amnestic MCI” and is frequently seen as a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease (Grundman M et al. (2004). Arch. Neurol. 61 (1): 59-66). Studies suggest that these individuals tend to progress to probable or prodromal Alzheimer's disease at a rate of approximately 10% to 15% per year (Grundman M et at ad supra.) Additionally, when individuals have impairments in domains other than memory it is classified as non-amnestic single- or multiple-domain MCI and these individuals are believed to be more likely to convert to other dementias (Tabert M H

Osteoporosis is developed as a result of an imbalance between functions of osteoblasts, which play a role in osteogenesis, and osteoclasts, which play a role in deossification. Compounds that activate osteoblasts and compounds that suppress osteoclasts are considered to be effective in treating osteoporosis. Compounds having a single function, however, cannot produce satisfactory effects. Estrogen is deduced to activate osteoblasts and to suppress osteoclasts, and it is utilized in treating osteoporosis. Since estrogen also affects cells other than bones, particularly reproductive organs, side effects, such as increased risk of uterine cancer or breast cancer, may become an issue of concern. Also, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (Japan) issued safety information as of Jan. 29, 2004, to warn of the possibility of an increase in the development of breast cancer or dementia due to the prolonged ingestion of estrogen. Since estrogen has a complicated molecular structure, synthesis thereof is complicated and difficult.
Melatonin (N-acetyl-5-methoxytryptamine), which is an indole derivative represented by formula (I), is reported to act suppressively both on osteoblasts and osteoclasts:
wherein X represents a hydrogen atom; R1 represents a hydrogen atom; R2 represents methyl; R3, R5, and R6 each represent a hydrogen atom; and R4 represents methyl (N. Suzuki and A. Hattori, J. Pineal Res., 33, 253-258, 2002).
Also, it is reported that a compound represented by formula (I) wherein X represents a bromine atom; R1 represents a hydrogen atom; R2 represents methyl; R3, R5, and R6 each represent a hydrogen atom; and R4 represents methyl; a compound represented by formula (I) wherein X and R5 each represent a bromine atom; R1 represents a hydrogen atom; R2 represents methyl; R3 and R6 each represent a hydrogen atom; and R4 represents methyl; a compound represented by formula (I) wherein X and R3 each represent a bromine atom; R1 represents a hydrogen atom; R2 represents methyl; R5 and R6 each represent a hydrogen atom; and R4 represents methyl; and a compound represented by formula (I) wherein X, R3, and R5 each represent a bromine atom; R1 represents a hydrogen atom; R2 represents methyl; R6 represents a hydrogen atom; and R4 represents methyl can be obtained by brominating melatonin

A torque-controlling wrench is used to protectively exert a controllable torque on a fastener such as a threaded bolt and a nut. When the torque exerted on the fastener reaches a pre-determined value, the driving of the fastener by the torque-controlling wrench is interrupted for avoiding excessive engagement of the thread of the threaded bolt with the thread of the nut, damage of the threads of the threaded bolt and nut and/or damage of the head of the threaded bolt or the nut. Hence, the threaded bolt can be disengaged from the nut.
Referring to FIGS. 1 through 4, there is shown a conventional torque-controlling wrench. The conventional torque-controlling wrench includes a handle 10 that is hollow, a socket-driving unit 15 installed at an end of the handle 10 and a torque-controlling device 20 installed in the handle 10 and connected to the socket-driving unit 15. The torque-controlling device 20 includes a rod 21 connected to the socket-driving unit 15, a knob 23 and a spring 22 compressed between the rod 21 and the knob 23 that can be turned to adjust the force exerted on the rod 21 by the spring 22. For the stability and precision of the contact of the rod 21 with the spring 22, there is generally an intermediate mechanism 24. The intermediate mechanism 24 includes a roller 25 installed at an end of the rod 21 and a rolling gear installed at an end of the spring 22. The rolling gear includes a frame 26 installed in the handle 10, a shaft 27 installed on the frame 26, a wheel 28 installed on the shaft 27 and a roller 29 installed on the frame 26. The center of the roller 25 is located on a side of a vertical line passing the center of the shaft 27 while the center of the roller 29 is located on the other side of the vertical line. As shown in FIG. 4, when torque exerted on a fastener by the torque-controlling wrench reaches a pre-determined value, the rod 21 will be moved downwards. The movement of the rod 21 is not supposed to cause the pivoting of the frame 26 due to the use of the roller 25 and the wheel 28 both of which are expected to roll smoothly. However, the roller 25 and the wheel 28 generally do not roll as smoothly as expected. The movement of the rod 21 causes the pivoting of the frame 26 in practice. When the frame 26 is pivoted, the spring 22 will be bent instead of compressed. Hence,

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to catheters and, more specifically, to a catheter assembly wherein said catheter assembly comprises a catheter having a pair of transverse wings extending therefrom forming an integral part therewith. Each of the transverse wings has a top side and a bottom side with the bottom sides having an adhesive layer with a peelably removable cover.
The present invention also provides a catheter assembly having a catheter with a longitudinal body having a transverse attachable detachable fastening member thereunder comprising a pliable polymeric element having a top side and a bottom side with the top side having a longitudinal groove fixedly attached to the catheters longitudinal body with the bottom side having an adhesive layer covered by a peelably removable cover so that when removed the catheter assembly can be adhesively attached to a recipient's skin and when desirous of removal can be peelably removed from said recipient's skin.
Also provided are removal tabs, which are flexible tab end portions having no adhesive providing easy removal of the flexible tabs using one hand.
2. Description of the Prior Art
There are other catheter device designed for medical use. Typical of these is U.S. Pat. No. 3,064,648 issued to Bujan on Nov. 20, 1962.
Another patent was issued to Reiterman on Jun. 20, 1972 as U.S. Pat. No. 3,670,727. Yet another U.S. Pat. No. 4,388,074 was issued to Seberg et al. on Jun. 14, 1983 and still yet another was issued on Jun. 30, 1987 to Jagger et al. as U.S. Pat. No. 4,676,783.
Another patent was issued to Joishy on Oct. 6, 1987 as U.S. Pat. No. 4,698,057. Yet another U.S. Pat. No. 4,820,282 was issued to Hogan on Apr. 11, 1989. Another was issued to Lane, Jr. on Jul. 18, 2000 as U.S. Pat. No. 6,090,076 and still yet another was issued on Aug. 8, 2000 to Brown, Jr. et al. as U.S. Pat. No. 6,099,509.
Another patent was issued to Hancock et al. on Oct. 26, 2004 as U.S. Pat. No. 6,809,230. Yet another U.K. Patent No. GB12435

Historically, hydraulic/pneumatic motors and hydraulic/pneumatic rams have been the primary source of power for both linear and rotary actuators. Hydraulic systems offer many advantages to the designer including: high power density, accurate position control, low inertia (for high frequency response), and overload protection (via pressure relief valves).
More recently, engineers have replaced hydraulic/pneumatic actuation systems with electro-mechanical actuation systems. Electro-mechanical actuators (“EMA”), which typically include a motor, a gear box and an actuator, offer increased efficiency over their hydraulic and pneumatic counterparts and are less prone to leakage.
When designing small, high power density EMAs, a designer is faced with a problem caused by the rotational inertia associated with the EMAs electric motor. In order to create an EMA with a large force capability, the designer must create an electric motor that is capable of producing a large torque, or must create a gear train that reduces the motor's output torque requirement. If the designer chooses to create a motor with a large torque capability, its rotor will contain a significant amount of rotational inertia. If the designer chooses to utilize a gear reduction system to decrease the motor's output torque requirement, thereby reducing the motor's physical size and rotational inertia, the motor will be required to operate at a faster speed. The inertia of the motor, as felt by the output of the actuator, will be proportional to the motor's inertia multiplied by the gear reduction ratio squared.
The inertia of the EMA motor becomes extremely important when sizing the gear train and/or the actuator structure if, for instance, the actuator hits an internal stop at full speed, or if the actuated structure hits a stop at the end of its travel at full speed. In this scenario, the rotational inertia of the motor will tend to cause the actuator to continue driving through its stop, or through the structure's end stop, causing significant damage to the EMA, or its supporting structure. If the stops and structures are strong enough to maintain their integrity, the next weakest link, most likely the actuator or the gear train driving the actuator will be damaged.
Historically, the gear train and the EMA's stops are overbuilt to handle an intense torque spike associated with the rapid deceleration of the EMA's motor as the actuator hits its stops, and the internal shafting flexes as the motor spins down. This design approach tends to cause the actuator to become significantly larger and heavier than it would otherwise

Many of us have seen films containing remarkably realistic dinosaurs, aliens, animated toys and other fanciful creatures. Such animations are made possible by computer graphics. Using such techniques, a computer graphics artist can specify how each object should look and how it should change in appearance over time, and a computer then models the objects and displays them on a display such as your television or a computer screen. The computer takes care of performing the many tasks required to make sure that each part of the displayed image is colored and shaped just right based on the position and orientation of each object in a scene, the direction in which light seems to strike each object, the surface texture of each object, and other factors.
Because computer graphics generation is complex, computer-generated three-dimensional graphics just a few years ago were mostly limited to expensive specialized flight simulators, high-end graphics workstations and supercomputers. The public saw some of the images generated by these computer systems in movies and expensive television advertisements, but most of us couldn""t actually interact with the computers doing the graphics generation. All this has changed with the availability of relatively inexpensive 3D graphics platforms such as, for example, the Nintendo 64(copyright) and various 3D graphics cards now available for personal computers. It is now possible to interact with exciting 3D animations and simulations on relatively inexpensive computer graphics systems in your home or office.
Shadows are important for creating realistic images and providing the viewer with visual cues about where objects appear relative to one another. Many different shadowing techniques are known. See, for example, Woo et al., xe2x80x9cA Survey of Shadow Algorithms,xe2x80x9d IEEE Computer Graphics and Applications, Volume 10, Number 6, pages 13-32 (November 1990).
A problem graphics system designers confronted in the past was how to draw shadows using low cost graphics systems. One known technique for accomplishing this is called shadow mapping. This technique allows a common z-buffer-based renderer to be used to generate shadows quickly on arbitrary objects. See Williams xe2x80x9cCasting Curved Shadows on Curved Surfaces,xe2x80x9d Computer Graphics (SIGGRAPH ""78 Proceedings), Volume 12, Number 3, pages 270-274 (August 1978). Using this technique, the graphics system renders the scene using the z-buffer algorithm with respect to the position and direction of the light source. For each pixel in the z buffer, the resulting rendered z depth

The present invention generally relates to substrates, connecting structures and electronic equipments, and more particularly to a substrate which uses an electrical connecting body such as a flexible printed circuit (FPC), a connecting structure which uses an electrical connecting body such as the FPC and is suited for connecting a main body and a lid which opens and closes with respect to the main body, and an electronic equipment having such a substrate or connecting structure.
In this specification, the electronic equipment refers to information processing apparatuses such as a lap-top personal computer, portable telephones and the like which are made up of a main body and a lid which opens and closes with respect to the main body.
2. Description of the Related Art
For example, the lap-top personal computer is made up of the main body and the lid which opens and closes with respect to the main body. A substrate mounted with various parts such as integrated circuit devices (IC chips) is provided within the main body, and a display section made up of a liquid crystal display (LCD) or the like is provided within the lid. Because the lid opens and closes with respect to the main body, the display section and the substrate are electrically connected via the FPC. One end of the FPC is connected to the display section, and the other end of the FPC is connected to a connecting part which is provided at an end portion on the substrate. The connecting part is connected to the electronic parts such as the IC chips on the substrate via a printed wiring formed on the substrate.
The printed wiring on the substrate may be provided on both top and bottom surfaces of the substrate, but the printed wiring must be arranged avoiding positions where the various parts are mounted on the substrate and positions where holes and cutouts are formed in the substrate. Signals supplied to the display section employ the LVDS system or the like, and are high-speed and small-amplitude signals. Hence, the substrate must satisfy various layout and wiring conditions, such as limited wiring length and wiring layout for preventing mixture of external noise. Accordingly, depending on the layout and wiring conditions, it is necessary to take measures such as arranging the IC chip for driving the display section in a vicinity of the connecting part on the substrate, and arranging the printed wiring on the substrate at a position separated from other printed wiring for the high-speed signals.
Recently, due to increased operation speeds of internal circuits of the CPU or the like, heat generated from the IC chips mounted on the substrate has become large. For this

Involvement of PI3 kinases in controlling inflammation has been confirmed in several models using pan-PI3 kinase inhibitors, such as LY-294002 and wortmannin (Ito, K. et al., J Pharmacol. Exp. Ther., 2007, 321:1-8). Recent studies have been conducted using either selective PI3 kinase inhibitors or in knock-out mice lacking a specific enzyme isoform. These studies have demonstrated the role of the pathways controlled by PI3 kinase enzymes in inflammation. The PI3 kinase δ selective inhibitor IC-87114 was found to inhibit airway hyper-responsiveness, IgE release, pro-inflammatory cytokine expression, inflammatory cell accumulation into the lung and vascular permeability in ovalbumin-sensitized, ovalbumin-challenged mice [Lee, K. S. et al., J. Allergy Clin. Immunol., 2006, 118:403-409 and Lee, K. S. et al., FASEB J., 2006, 20:455-65]. In addition, IC-87114 lowered neutrophil accumulation in the lungs of mice and neutrophil function, stimulated by TNFα [Sadhu, C. et al., Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun., 2003, 308:764-9]. The PI3 kinase δ isoform is activated by insulin and other growth factors, as well as G-protein coupled protein signaling and inflammatory cytokines. Recently the PI3 kinase dual δ/γ inhibitor TG100-115 was reported to inhibit pulmonary eosinophilia, interleukin-13 as well as mucin accumulation and airways hyperesponsiveness in a murine model, when administered by aerosolisation. The same authors also reported that the compound was able to inhibit pulmonary neutrophilia elicited by either LPS or cigarette smoke [Doukas, J. et al., J. Pharmacol. Exp. Ther., 2009, 328:758-765]
Since it is also activated by oxidative stress, the PI3 kinase δ isoform is likely to be relevant as a target for therapeutic intervention in those diseases where a high level of oxidative stress is implicated. Downstream mediators of the PI3 kinase signal transduction pathway include Akt (a serine/threonine protein kinase) and the mammalian target of rapamycin, the enzyme mTOR. Recent work has suggested that activation of PI3 kinase δ, leading to phosphorylation of Akt, is able to induce a state of corticosteroid resistance in otherwise corticosteroid-sensitive cells [To, Y. et al., Am. J. Respir. Crit. Care Med

The Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) and the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) are described in the standards FIPS PUB 186-3 (U.S. Department of Commerce) and ANS X9.62-2005 (American National Standard for Financial Services), both of which are herein incorporated by reference in their entirety. These signature algorithms use public-key cryptography to enable the creation and verification of digital signatures on digital messages. Signatories in DSA and ECDSA possess a private key and a public key; the private key is used to generate a digital signature (i.e., to sign a message) and the public key is used by third parties to validate that signature.
DSA and ECDSA are widely deployed (e.g., in ssh, SSL/TLS, Canada Post digital postmarks, DTCP, AACS, MS-DRM) and can be used to provide data origin authentication, data integrity, and non-repudiation. However, any assurances that DSA and ECDSA signatures might provide are always subject to the assumption that a signatory's private key remains private (i.e., the private key does not leak to an attacker).
The following references provide additional background information, and are each incorporated by reference in their entirety:    [1] American National Standard for Financial Services, ANS X9.62-2005, Public Key Cryptography for the Financial Services Industry, The Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA), 16 Nov. 2005.    [2] D. Hankerson, A. Menezes, S. Vanstone, Guide to Elliptic Curve Cryptography, 2003.    [3] Information Technology Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology, FIPS PUB 186-3, Digital Signature Standard (DSS), June 2009.    [4] Standards for Efficient Cryptography, SEC 1: Elliptic Curve Cryptography, Version 2.0, 21 May 2009.    [5] National Security Agency, NSA Suite B Cryptography, available from http://www.nsa.gov/ia/programs/suiteb_cryptography/    [6] Digital Transmission Content Protection Specification, Volume 1 (Informational Version), Revision 1.51, 1 Oct. 2007.
The signature generation operation of ECDSA and DSA is typically implemented in computer software, which is then run on a particular computing device (e.g.,

The present invention addresses the practical needs of the tactical network planner and manager by using near-future propagation forecasts for network planning and real-time propagation information for network management, with an emphasis on 24-hour forecasting because many meteorological phenomena have a diurnal (24-hour) cycle. By utilizing updated weather, performance and traffic data received from the network, with the aid of artificial intelligence (AI) techniques, necessary environment-driven changes can be made continuously and on a real-time basis operating on large masses of data which only a computer can effectively handle. Further, this invention utilizes tools such as computer models, algorithms, computer simulations and AI-based tools in a new way along with currently available tactical system/network management technology.
While this invention may be readily used in tactical military communications systems, there are numerous commercial applications in areas such as mobile or cellular telephones, as well as any communications system that can be incapacitated by adverse propagation conditions. A key aspect of the method and apparatus of this invention is the ability to use and automatically update propagation, weather and traffic algorithms so that the communications system can automatically send reconfiguration "change orders" to the network to compensate for the harmful effects of these phenomena.
Examples of propagation forecasting tools may be found in the following references:
"24-Hour Network Performance Management System Technical Paper," Jan. 21, 1993, U.S. Army CECOM Space and Terrestrial Communications Directorate Line-of-Sight Propagation Reliability Working Group; PA0 Michael J. Harrigan, Kenneth H. Brockel, William P. Sudnikovich, Arvids Vigants, William T. Barnett, Stanley Conway-Clough, Richard Wood, Robert Edwards, Joli Toth and Julius Sunshine "24-Hour Network Performance Management System," MILCOM 94 Conference Technical Paper, Fort Monmouth, N.J., Oct. 2-5, 1994; PA0 "Rain Propagation Reliability Forecasting Method Technical Memorandum," May 17, 1993, U.S. Army CECOM Space and Terrestrial Communications Directorate Line-of-Sight Propagation Reliability Working Group; and PA0 Network Management Tool Detailed Operational Concepts Document, Jan. 5, 1994. U.S. Army CECOM Space and Terrestrial Communications Directorate Network Management Automation & Integration Working Group. Further, an example of a propagation reliability model may also be found in U.S. Pat

The invention relates to an expandable table. More particularly, the invention relates to a table with a circular tabletop, which is capable of expanding for the insertion of leaves to thereby provide a larger, circular, even tabletop surface.
Selection of a dining room table is often a tradeoff between maximizing seating capacity and minimizing the floor space that the table occupies when not in use. For this reason, rectangular dining room tables have been made expandable for centuries. Generally, a rectangular dining table will slide apart from its middle, and allow one or more "leaves" to be inserted therein--resulting in a longer table. After use, the leaves are removed and the table is retracted to a smaller, storage size.
Although a circular table is desirable choice by many, it has the limitation in that it is fixed in size. There have been attempts, but no one has produced a way to effectively, neatly, and reliably expand a round table in order to increase its seating capacity. Thus, one must carefully choose a table by first determining whether it should be suited for seating four, six, or eight people.
Some others have conceived of table constructions which attempt to provide round expandable surfaces. Among these are U.S. Pat. Nos. 254,388 to Schultz; 340,176 to Wardwelt Jr.; 351,101 to Fauber; 838,671 to Turner; 1,384,925 to Seiler; 3,683,825 to Sheldon; 4,782,764 to Robinson; and 4,809,619 to Piretti. Many of these tables employ overlapping leaves which "fan" outward like a camera iris, clearly resulting in a uneven table surface. Others provide mechanisms which would be cumbersome to use, impractical or expensive to construct, or would likely fail after just a few uses.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,237,937 to Peltier shows an expansible table which employs a separate radial guide track and arcuate activating means. Because separate means are provided for causing the sectors to move radially outward and to guide the sectors outward in a straight, radial line, the design is limited in reliability, sturdiness, and the ability to be constructed with more than four sectors. Furthermore, the construction of the guide tracks using vertically overlapping pairs of guide members ensures that the tabletop will be, at best, unevenly supported.
While these units may be suitable for the particular purpose employed, or for general use, they would

The present invention relates to a collapsible lens barrel and an image pickup apparatus.
Some lens barrels incorporated in image pickup apparatuses such as digital still cameras, digital video cameras, etc. have a cam ring with a cam groove defined in an inner circumferential surface thereof and a lens holder frame which is nonrotatably, but axially movably held radially in the cam ring and which holds a lens assembly. The lens holder frame has a cam pin engaging in the cam groove such that the lens holder frame moves axially when the cam ring rotates about its own axis. For details, see Japanese Patent Laid-open No. 2002-267917, for example.
One such lens barrel is illustrated in FIG. 30 of the accompanying drawings. As shown in FIG. 30, the lens barrel has a linear guide ring 3 interposed between the outer circumferential surface of a lens holder frame 1 and the inner circumferential surface of a cam ring 2.
The linear guide ring 3 is nonrotatably mounted on the lens barrel 1 and has axially linear guide grooves 3A defined therein. Cam pins 1A of the lens holder frame 1 extend through the guide grooves 3A and engage in cam grooves 2A defined in the cam ring 2. The lens holder frame 1 is nonrotatably, but axially movably held radially in the cam ring 2.
With the lens barrel in related art, however, since the linear guide ring 3 is interposed between the outer circumferential surface of the lens holder frame 1 and the inner circumferential surface of the cam ring 2, it poses limitations on efforts to reduce the diameter of the lens barrel and hence size of the lens barrel.
If the lens barrel has two lens holder frames 1 (only one lens holder frame 1 is shown in FIG. 30), then the cam grooves 2A in the cam ring 2 which are engaged by the cam pins 1A, 1B of the lens holder frames 1 extend continuously circumferentially at least fully around the cam ring 2, and the cam pins 1A, 1B are guided at different positions in the guide grooves 3A in the linear guide ring 3.
The lens holder frames 1 are assembled into the cam ring 2 with the linear guide ring 3 interposed therebetween, as follows.
First, the linear guide ring 3 is inserted into the cam ring 2, and then turned to align the guide grooves 3A with open ends 2B of the cam grooves 2A in the cam ring 2. Then, the cam pins 1A of one of

In the power steering systems of automobiles, solid particles developed through wear of the system parts are present in the fluid causing contamination, increased friction and raised fluid temperatures. These particles also increase deterioration of the hoses and seals. Therefore, it is desirable to refine the power steering fluid by filtering such particles. Presently, there are known filters which employ a paper filtering element together with a relief valve made of a combination spring, valve disc and seat arrangement. Such known filter devices are generally complex, involving the spring and valve seat arrangement, and therefore are expensive to manufacture. Also, such known filter devices are often not reliable due to the spring arrangement employed. There are other known types of filter devices being used in automobiles which are less expensive than the above-noted power steering filter devices but which are not suitable for the same purpose of filtering the fine particles existent in power steering systems and, consequently, such known filters also do not provide adequate and reliable relief valve means in the filter. Examples of such filters devices are the floating oil screens used in the oil sumps of engines as described in U.S. Pat. No. 2,192,432 to Gulick, U.S. Pat. No. 2,508,952 to Kline and U.S. Pat. No. 3,662,887 to Uhlhorn, Jr. Such patents disclose devices mounted or floating in the oil sump of an internal combustion engine to prevent sludge and the like from entering the oil pump. When the screen becomes badly clogged with foreign matter, the suction pull on the screen will open a valve formed by a portion of the screening element and a wall portion to allow oil flow without screening. In such known oil sludge filter devices, the wire screen element is intended for filtering out relatively large particles and sludge and is inappropriate for filtering fine particles, even if the screened mesh openings were made smaller. The screen material is highly flexible and subject to random deformation and, therefore, the screen valve may easily open under unintended variable and minor conditions not due to clogging, such as slight variations in suction pressure and very small build ups of heavy sludge against the very flexible screen causing a suction sufficient to move the screen valve into an open position. Also, the non-rigid nature of the screen material affords it no spring force to return it to its original closed position once the minor suction fluctuation is reduced to normal. This absence of rigidity, or memory, could result in the screen valve opening and remaining open even after the minor suction fluctuation is removed. This

An example of a microphone array including a plurality of microphones arranged in array is disclosed in Patent Literature 1. According to Patent Literature 1, first and second microphones are disposed with a predetermined distance D therebetween in a microphone array. A third microphone is disposed between the first and second microphones, being spaced by a distance D/2 from the first and second microphones. A fourth microphone is disposed at a location between the third and first microphones, being spaced by a distance D/4 from the first and third microphones. A fifth microphone is disposed at a location between the third and fourth microphones, being spaced from the third and fourth microphones by a distance D/8. A sixth microphone is disposed at a location between the fifth and third microphones, being spaced from the third and fifth microphones by a distance D/16. A seventh microphone is disposed at a location between the sixth and third microphones, being spaced from the third and sixth microphones by a distance D/32. A eighth microphone is disposed at a location between the seventh and third microphones, being spaced from the third and seventh microphones by a distance D/64.
Audio signals from these microphones, which form microphone units, are processed by beam forming. More specifically, the first through third microphones form a first microphone unit; first, fourth and third microphones form a second microphone unit; the third through fifth microphones form a third microphone unit; and the third, fifth and sixth microphones form a fourth microphone unit. The third, sixth and seventh microphones form a fifth microphone unit; and the third, seventh and eighth microphones form a sixth microphone unit. The audio signals from the first and second microphones in the first microphone unit are multiplied by a factor 0.5, and the audio signal from the third microphone is multiplied by a factor 1. The audio signals from the first through third microphones multiplied by the respective factors are combined by combining means into a composite signal. Similarly, in each of the second through sixth microphone units, the audio signals are processed in such a manner that the audio signals from the microphones located at the opposite ends of that microphone unit are multiplied by a factor of 0.5 with the audio signal from the microphone at the center of that microphone unit being multiplied by a factor 1, whereby a composite signal is formed. The thus produced composite signals are combined to thereby provide the microphone system with sharp directivity over a wide frequency range. Further, the audio signal from each of the microphones

Edge enhancement and smoothing non-linear algorithms are also known, particularly in the printing of alphanumeric text. The idea is to find edges (sharp tonal transitions, e.g, between an eye and the surrounding eye lid) in the source data and render them both continuous, rather than appearing to have steps, and sharp at the target resolution without blurring the values of pixels which lie on different sides of the edge. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,394,485 (Lowe et al., assigned to the common assignee of the present invention) discloses a Method and Apparatus for Smoothed Scaling of Facsimile Images. U.S. Pat. No. 5,270,728 (Lund et al., assigned to the common assignee of the present invention) teaches a pixel thinning methodology in a Raster Imaging Device Speed-Resolution Product Multiplying Method and Resulting Pixel Image Data Structure. U.S. Pat. No. 5,446,804 (Allebach et al., assigned to the common assignee of the present invention) discloses a method for Magnifying Digital Image[s] Using Edge Mapping where to magnify the image, an edge map is produced for certain image boundary conditions, generating one or more additional pixels in locations among the original pixels and expanding the distances between the pixels so that the resolution of the locations of the pixels becomes the same as the original pixels.
Conversely to pixel replication and bilinear interpolations, edge enhancement and smoothing algorithms may not be very effective in terms of improving smooth textures and transition zones.
There is a need for a data resolution enhancement methodology applicable to data representative of any data structures representing functional and structural aspects of physical objects or activities where subsets of the data can be extracted from the entire data set and interpolated.
In the application of the present invention for image data processing, there remains a specific need for a method of improving low resolution data which will improve the visual quality of the entire source image across the entire spectrum of content. The method for improving resolution should be effective for both graphics images and alphanumeric text.
Data filtering as used in the present invention is well known in the art. Texts such as Fundamentals of Digital Image Processing, by Anil Jain (copr. 19, Prentice Hall publishers) review such techniques. Specifically for printing technology, the use of data filtering is made in U.S. Pat. No. 5,

A known method, capable of carrying out scientific measurements of dielectric constants in wood and materials containing wood, uses a pair of electrically conductive plates of the same dimensions applied on opposite sides of the wooden sample to fill all the space between the plates with this sample. An alternating current is then applied to the capacitor formed by the two plates and the sample. Theoretically, the capacitor may be applied to several points of a piece of wood to detect changes in the dielectric constant thereof. However, this procedure presents numerous disadvantages:
the plates along with the supply leads have to be applied to opposite sides of the wooden sample, which is often impracticable; PA1 filling the space between the two plates with the sample is impossible when an internal member of an already erected building structure should be inspected; PA1 electrocution hazards exist as conductive material is generally present in the structures under investigation; and PA1 the measurements must be compared to known values, which requires calibration. PA1 the stud sensor requires calibration to be operational; PA1 if the initial calibration is made over a point to be detected, that is a point of high density corresponding to the position of a stud, the stud sensor will not detect the studs; it will not detect the points of high density as long as the calibration is made over a point of low density through trial and error; PA1 after successful calibration, the stud sensor will indicate points on the wall where the density is higher than that of the point of the last calibration; PA1 frequent calibration may be necessary; PA1 the stud sensor will not produce meaningful readings or may give misleading indications in the presence of thicker surface material, as is often the case in wood lath and plaster walls and in gypsum board walls and ceilings where thick layers of plaster are present to level off joints; PA1 it cannot operate meaningfully on wooden board or plank finish, because of the thickness of such a finish and the generally significant variations in density from one board or plank to the other; PA1 it will not operate either in the presence of electrically conductive fasteners used in walls and ceilings, and more generally in the case of wood board finish floors; PA1 within its range of sensitivity, it will signal the presence of electrically conductive materials, without depth discrimination; PA1 it presents a low resolution in the detection of conductors. PA1 the sensing device comprises a plurality of electrically conductive second sensor plates electrically connected together; PA1 the first plate and the plurality of second plates are mounted on a common plate support;

Wind turbines convert wind energy to electrical energy by using the wind to drive the rotor of generator, either directly or by means of a gear box. The frequency of the AC power that is developed at the stator terminals of the generator is directly proportional to the speed of rotation of the rotor. The voltage at the generator terminals also varies as function of speed and, depending on the particular type of generator, on the flux level. For optimum power, the speed of rotation of the output shaft of the wind turbine will vary according to the speed of the wind driving the wind turbine blades. To limit the power at high wind speed, the speed of rotation of the output shaft is controlled by altering the pitch of the turbine blades.
Power converters are, for example, used for matching the variable frequency AC power provided by the generator to the nominally constant frequency AC power of the grid. In a first stage of such a power converter a rectifier is used to convert the AC power delivered from the generator to a DC power. This DC power is fed to a so called DC link. In a second stage, called inverter, the inputs of which are connected to the DC link, the DC power is converted to an AC power matching the grid frequency.
In general, the inverters are circuits used for converting DC power to AC power. They are equipped with switches for connecting the inverter phase terminal outputs to the positive or negative busbar of the DC link. The switching pattern for opening and closing the switches is provided on the basis of a pulse width modulation scheme which defines the timing for connecting the inverter outputs to the high or the low DC voltage level through the respective switches. During the times in which a switch is open a current flows from the DC link to the grid or vice versa. Other methods for determining the switching regime for the switches including direct control or predictive control are also applicable.
The inverter may be controlled according to a power factor demand signal representing a power factor requested by the grid operator, where the power factor is given by the ratio of the real power to the apparent power (the apparent power is the square root of the sum of the squares of the real power and the reactive power). Instead of controlling the inverter according to a power factor demand the inverter can also be controlled on the basis of a real power demand and a reactive power demand. Furthermore, instead of controlling the inverter directly according to a power factor demand, or a real power demand and reactive power demand, it can also be controlled according to current

In general, large dump trucks transport a construction material, such as sand or gravel. A large dump truck consists of a combination of a deck on which a baggage is loaded, and a cylinder that lifts the deck. The deck is classified into a floor type deck and a frame type deck depending on the existence of a reinforcement material on a bottom surface of the deck. The cylinder in this case is determined according to each deck type.
The deck on which a construction material, such as sand or gravel, is loaded, is usually manufactured to have sufficient stiffness. In order to easily load and unload the construction material loaded on the deck, the deck is installed to rotate in a backward direction relative to the dump truck and to ascend.
A loading bay, such as a combination of a floor type deck 100 and an eye end cylinder 110 or a combination of a frame type deck 120 and an outer cover cylinder 130, as illustrated in FIG. 1, is mainly used.
Here, the top of the eye end cylinder 110 is connected to a cylinder hinge of the floor type deck 100, and the bottom of the eye end cylinder 110 is connected to a sub frame.
A lower-side bracket of the outer cover cylinder 130 is connected to a lower pocket face of the frame type deck 120, and the bottom of the outer cover cylinder 130 is connected to a sub frame.
The combination of the floor type deck 100 and the eye end cylinder 110 has a simple structure, is light-weight and is cheap. However, due to weak torsional stiffness, when the loading bay is lifted in an inclined place, the loading bay may be turned over and thus, reinforcement of the deck is required.
The combination of the frame type deck 120 and the outer cover cylinder 130 has large torsional stiffness and high adjustment stability, and any special reinforcement of the deck is not required. However, it has a complicated structure, is heavy and is expensive.
For these reasons, dump trucks made in Korea usually use the combination of the floor type deck and the eye end cylinder, and dump trucks made in countries other than Korea usually use the combination of the frame type deck and the outer cover cylinder.
For example, various types of loading bays are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 7,357,457, Korean Patent Laid-open Publication No. 2007-0045079, Japanese Patent Laid-open Publication No. 2007-331677, and Japanese Patent Laid-open Publication No. 06-191341.

While many products are transported in packages or containers, many other products are transported in bulk where the desired amount of product is placed into the vehicle that is to be used to transport the product. The vehicles typically used to transport bulk products include trucks, trailers, rail cars, carts, wagons, and other various containers with open tops. These vehicles typically include an open top to facilitate placing the bulk product into the vehicle.
To reduce the potential of product falling out of the vehicle as the vehicle is moved and to reduce the potential of the product being damaged by environmental factors, it is customary to place a cover over the open top of the vehicle. To facilitate placing the bulk product into the vehicle, the cover is typically retractable such as rolling up.
An example of one such cover is marketed under the designation SRT-2 by AgriCover such as is illustrated in FIG. 1. This tarp system uses the tarp to pull the roll tube across the hopper as it rolls up the tarp. An internal torsion spring in each spool (similar to a garage door spring) is preloaded to provide tarp tension in the closed position. As the tarp is being rolled up and begins to grow in diameter, the roll tube begins moving faster than the cable is unrolling and the spools begin to turn slightly on the roll tube, winding the spring even tighter.
This increase in speed occurs because the tarp diameter becomes larger than the spools and the roll tube moves farther per revolution than the spools whose circumference remains the same. To close the tarp, the motor reverses and the torque tensioned spools “reel in” the cable, pulling the tube back across the hopper.
Other side roll-up tarp systems are marketed by Michel (FIG. 2) and Shur-Co., the assignee of this patent application, under the designation Super Duty Swing Arm Electric System (FIGS. 3-4). Both of these tarp systems use extension springs and spools that are rigidly mounted to the roll tube.
Michel's tarp system uses a tapered grooved spool and Shur-Co uses a narrow, flat bottom, grooveless cable spool. Both systems pull cable from a side mounted tube at a 90° angle as the roll tube moves across the caps. Both systems unroll cable from their respective spools as the tarp is opened. Both systems' roll tubes move further than the amount of cable unrolled, which

In electronic chip carrier packages, moisture can cause various problems such as delamination, corrosion, formation of plated fiber shorts, chip cracking and debonding. This may result in yield loss and/or functional failure during assembly and reliability testing. Organic packages are particularly susceptible to moisture due to the hydrophilic nature of resins such as epoxies and polyimides when exposed to moisture, and are susceptible to the brittleness of glass reinforcement interfaces.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,474,957 to Urushima shows a process for building/assembling a chip onto a flexible film member. The assembly process involves using a piece of resin, to encapsulate the wire bond leads and act to hold the chip to the film. While the purpose of this resin is in part to prevent corrosion/oxidation, and to mechanically protect the wire bond leads, it is used in an entirely different location and with a completely different purpose than the present invention. U.S. Pat. No. 5,474,957 describes the use of a wire bond encapsulant which is applied only to the wire bond area. The present invention, on the other hand, involves using a protective coating over substantially the entire assembled package including, chip, wires (if used), or solder joints and the chip carrier.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,436,203 to Lin covers the concept of building an EMI shielded chip carrier package by shielding the chip and wire bonds. The bottom is shielded with a buried power plane or reference plane, and the top is shielded with a conductive encapsulate. The two shielding layers are electrically connected via plated thru holes. The chip and wire bonds are first covered with a non conductive encapsulant. Lin is different from the present invention for substantially the same reasons as Urushima above.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,496,775 to Brooks discloses using stacked and bonded metal balls as the electrical connection points. The chip is enclosed in an encapsulation material. The primary function of the encapsulant material appears to be to provide mechanical support for the chip and ball towers. The encapsulation is performed in two steps. First, a layer of encapsulant is formed within a mold or cavity. Next, the ball stacked chip is placed in the cavity and additional encapsulant is flooded into the mold and around the stacked ball towers. These two encapsulant layers form part of the chip package. The primary subject covered by Brooks appears to be the concept of

Multilayer Ceramic Capacitor (MLCC) is a widely used typical chip component.
The Electronic Industry Association (EIA) prescribes a standard for temperature coefficient of capacitance (TCC) for a type of MLCC known as the X7R Capacitor. The X7R characteristic requires that with reference to the capacitance at 25° C., the change of the capacitance (i.e. TCC) be within ±15% over the temperature range from −55° C. to 125° C.
When MLCC based on BaTiO3 were sintered in air at high temperatures, it is required to use noble metals (e.g., palladium, platinum, etc.) as internal electrodes, which do not melt and do not oxidize even when being fired in an atmosphere with a high partial pressure of oxygen. However, the use of such noble metals becomes a barrier to cut down the production cost of multilayer ceramic capacitors. For example, the cost of internal electrodes occupies about 30 to 70% of the production cost of multilayer ceramic capacitors.
For the reasons mentioned above, it is preferred to use a base metal such as Ni, Fe, Co, W or Mo as the material of internal electrodes. However, if such base metals are used as a material for internal electrodes and fired in the conventional firing conditions of the dielectric ceramic materials, they oxidize easily and loose functions as the internal electrodes. Thus, in order to use such a base metal as a material for internal electrodes of multilayer ceramic capacitors, it is required to use a dielectric ceramic material which is never semiconductorized even if being fired in a neutral or reducing atmosphere with a low partial pressure of oxygen, and which has a sufficient insulation resistance and good dielectric properties.
Usually, the dielectric sheets and the internal electrodes were stacked together. The laminated bodies were then sintered at 1200° C.–1400° C. under reducing atmosphere created by N2—H2—H2O gas system and then annealed at 1000° C.–1100° C. under weak-oxidation atmosphere with a partial pressure of oxygen of 10−6 atm or higher.
To meet the requirements of X7R, there have been proposed some non-reducible dielectric ceramic materials. For example, JP-A-63-103861 discloses a composition of BaTiO3—MnO—MgO-Rareearth element system. However, this dielectric ceramic composition is of no practical use since its insulation

The present invention relates to a heat-resistant, paintable acrylic-based adhesive tape. More particularly, the present invention relates to a two-sided acrylic-based adhesive tape and a method of adhering both sides of the tape to two substrates, where the tape can withstand environmental conditions encountered in automotive, appliance, and other commercial paint processes without degradation or a reduction in adhesive properties of the tape.
Acrylic pressure sensitive adhesive tapes are widely used in the automotive and appliance industry to bond a wide variety of substrate materials, and in particular, the application of painted exterior automotive body side moldings, sub-assemblies or trim parts. A common method of application is to use an acrylic attachment tape comprised of a foam core which adheres the substrate materials to the vehicle or appliance. However, a disadvantage of such foam core tapes is that they cannot withstand exposure to a paint bake cycle in which the part is painted and subsequently exposed to high temperatures in a paint oven to cure the painted part. For example, the foam core loses compressibility after the introduction of paint, thereby reducing the ability of the tape to sufficiently wet-out to the mating surface. In addition, the foam core may also break down as entrapped air in the foam expands at the elevated temperatures encountered in the bake cycle, rupturing the foam's cell structure, which also impedes wet-out and structural strength. Expanded gas can also collect at the tape-surface interface where it interferes with surface wet-out and bond strength.
In order to avoid the degradation of foam core acrylic tapes, the use of a separate masking tape has been employed which is applied to the part prior to the paint bake cycle in the area of the part which is to receive the foam core acrylic attachment tape to prevent that area from receiving paint. The masking tape is then removed after the paint bake cycle and the attachment tape is applied. However, the use of the masking tape adds additional steps and materials to the manufacturing process, which is both time-consuming and costly.
In order to avoid this extra step, the use of adhesive tapes which are heat-resistant have been developed. These adhesive tapes generally comprise a two-sided solid acrylic-based carrier and a heat resistant liner on one side of the carrier. The tape can be attached on one side to a substrate such as an automotive part and then exposed to elevated temperatures such as a paint baking process without being subject to degradation. The liner may be removed at a later time such that the part can be adhered to a second

In this condensate demineralization apparatus, in those cases where a cation exchange resin and an anion exchange resin are used in combination, typical examples of the resin combination include combinations of a gel-type cation exchange resin and a gel-type anion exchange resin, and combinations of a porous cation exchange resin and a porous anion exchange resin. Generally, gel-type resins have low osmotic resistance, whereas porous resins have low abrasion resistance, and in consideration of these drawbacks, gel-type resins are typically used in the condensate demineralization apparatus of plants where backwashing regeneration is conducted frequently, whereas porous resins are used in those plants where chemical regeneration is conducted frequently. Porous resins have particularly low abrasion resistance, and therefore during transfer within the condensate demineralization apparatus from the demineralization tower that houses the ion exchange resin bed to the regeneration tower that performs regeneration of the ion exchange resin, contact between resin particles or between resin particles and metal materials may cause damage to the surface of the resin particles or even fracture of the resin particles. Accordingly, in plants such as BWR nuclear power plants where backwashing is used to strip the crud adhered to the surface of the cation exchange resin, a combination of a gel-type cation exchange resin and a gel-type anion exchange resin is typically used due to the more favorable abrasion resistance of these exchange resins.
Moreover, in a porous resin, the resin matrix structure is more dense than that of a gel-type resin, and therefore the rate of diffusion of an adsorbed ion into the particle interior is slower than that observed for a gel-type resin, meaning porous resins tend to exhibit inferior performance in terms of reaction rate and regeneration efficiency. As a result, in those cases where a porous resin is used in a condensate demineralization apparatus, the apparatus design must take these properties of porous resins into consideration, for example by providing an increased regeneration level (namely, the amount of chemical used).
The ion exchange resin used in the condensate demineralization apparatus of a nuclear power plant exhibits a superior removal capability for ionic components such as seawater components typified by NaCl introduced from the upstream side of the resin, but a problem arises in that organic impurities (hereafter abbreviated as “TOC”) composed mainly of polystyrenesulfonic acids tend to be eluted from the cation exchange resin. If this TOC is carried into the nuclear reactor or steam generator, then sulfate ions are generated, which causes a deterioration in the water quality

Assemblies, such as automotive vehicles, often utilize various types of selectively movable and/or selectively rotatable members and require that these members or "shafts" be operatively coupled in a manner which allows the created torque or rotational energy to be communicated and/or transmitted between the coupled members and/or to other portions resident within the assembly.
For example and without limitation, an intermediate shaft is typically mounted within an automobile and is coupled to and transfers torque between the steering column and the gear shaft. Particularly, the selective rotational energy of the steering column is transferred through the intermediate shaft to the gear shaft and the wheel suspension assembly, thereby allowing the vehicle to be selectively steered.
Typically, the intermediate shaft comprises and/or represents a telescoping shaft which allows the steering column and gear shaft to be axially compliant (i.e., to selectively move "toward and away" from each other). This compliance compensates for the relative movement between the vehicle body and vehicle frame which occurs as the car is driven; absorbs and/or reduces the transmission of vibrations and/or energy generated from the vehicle's wheel suspension assembly, to the steering column; and allows the steering column to substantially and desirably "collapse" in the event of a collision or accident, thereby preventing and/or substantially reducing the probability of injury to the driver.
Another example of an "axially compliant" vehicle assembly for coupling two selectively rotatable shafts or members is a driveshaft. Particularly, a vehicle driveshaft is typically and operatively coupled to a transmission assembly and to a differential assembly and selectively transfers the transmission produced torque to the differential, thereby causing the vehicle wheels to desirably rotate. A vehicle driveshaft utilizes and/or comprises a telescoping member which selectively expands, thereby allowing the driveshaft to compensate for the relative movement between the differential and the transmission.
Although these prior assemblies effectively transmit torque between the two coupled members or shafts while allowing the members to reciprocally move with respect to each other (e.g., each of the coupled members may selectively and independently move "toward and away" from the other), they suffer from some drawbacks.
For example and without limitation, these prior telescoping members generate a relatively large amount of friction, which combined with their relatively short engagement lengths, hinders and/or slows the desired telescoping movement, generates undesirable inertial movements, and creates excessive wear and fatigue to and of the telescoping members, thereby resulting in failure, "frictional lock

2. Moderately vigorous growth habit.
3. Freely and continuous flowering habit.
4. Freely branched flowering stems.
5. Bright orange-colored flowers.
Plants of the cultivar Bush Inferno can be compared to plants of the female parent, the cultivar Joey Calypso. In side-by-side comparisons conducted by the Inventor in Tuggerah, New South Wales, Australia, plants of the new Anigozanthos and the cultivar Joey Calypso differed in the following characteristics:
1. Plants of the new Anigozanthos had dark green-colored foliage whereas plants of the cultivar Joey Calypso had greyed green-colored foliage.
2. Plants of the new Anigozanthos had branched flowering stems whereas plants of the cultivar Joey Calypso did not have branched flowering stems.
3. Plants of the new Anigozanthos had bright orange-colored flowers whereas plants of the cultivar Joey Calypso had yellow orange-colored flowers.
Plants of the cultivar Bush Inferno can be compared to plants of the male parent, the unidentified selection of Anigozanthos flavidus. In side-by-side comparisons conducted by the Inventor in Tuggerah, New South Wales, Australia, plants of the new Anigozanthos and the male parent selection differed in the following characteristics:
1. Plants of the new Anigozanthos had curved leaves whereas plants of the male parent selection had straight leaves.
2. Plants of the new Anigozanthos had shorter leaves than plants of the male parent selection.
3. Plants of the new Anigozanthos had shorter flowering stems than plants of the male parent selection.
Plants of the new Anigozanthos can be compared to plants of the cultivar Bush Spark, disclosed in a U.S. Plant patent application Ser. No. 10/747,787 filed concurrently. In side-by-side comparisons conducted in Lompoc, Calif., plants of the new Anigozanthos differed from plants of the cultivar Bush Spark in the following characteristics:
1. Flowering stems of plants of the new Anigozanthos were not as freely branching as flowering stems of plants of the cultivar Bush Spark.
2. Plants of the new Anigozanthos had larger flowers and inflorescences than plants of the

In recent years, display devices have been used in various apparatus as information display means for viewers. A new display panel (a major part of a display device, excluding an external circuit, a casing, and the like) that utilizes liquid crystal, plasma, electro-luminescence, field emission, or the like, becomes the mainstream of typical display devices now, in place of a Braun tube that was popularly utilized for display devices before. The new display panel generally has a flat display area in which a plurality of pixels, each being a basic unit for image formation in the display area, is arranged in a matrix, and is a type of display panel that enables the display device to be small in thickness. Hence, the new display device is also called “flat panel display” as a generic term.
Taking as an example an active-matrix liquid-crystal display device, which is a most typical display device now, a plurality of display areas are formed on a mother substrate made of an insulative material such as transparent glass or plastic. In each display area, pluralities of scan wirings and signal wirings are arranged in matrix patterns, and at their intersection points, thin film transistors, i.e., switching elements and pixels having pixel electrodes are arranged in a matrix. Through steps of forming them, the mother substrate is fabricated into an array substrate with the scan wirings, the signal wirings, the pixel electrodes, and various other wirings, terminals, and the likes formed thereon. The array substrate and its opposite substrate are bonded together with a gap of several μm, and cut and separated on a display area basis, thereby to obtain a plurality of liquid crystal panels (display panels). The gap is filled with a liquid crystal material. In addition, there are two methods of filling a liquid crystal: one is a one-drop fill method that is applied before an opposite substrate is bonded; and the other is a vacuum injection method that is applied after bonded.
In manufacturing steps prior to those of cutting and separating the array substrate and mounting a driver circuit and an external circuit, there has been a discharge breakdown problem that a short circuit or a break occurs in a scan wiring or a signal wiring formed on the array substrate owing to an external static electricity, or there has been a discharge breakdown problem of a gate insulation film that causes a change in characteristic such as a threshold level of the thin film transistor.
As a way to solve the above-mentioned problem, a configuration has been disclosed in, for example, JP Unexamined

In the related art, work cells are used to produce welds or welded parts. There are at least two broad categories of work cells, including robotic work cells and semi-automatic work cells.
In robotic work cells, the scheduling and performing of welding operations is largely automated, with little operator involvement. Thus, these cells generally have a relatively low labor cost and a relatively high productivity. However, their repeating operations cannot easily adapt to varying welding conditions and/or sequences.
In contrast, semi-automatic work cells (i.e., work cells involving at least some operator welding) generally provide less automation vis-à-vis robotic work cells, and accordingly have a relatively higher labor cost and a relatively lower productivity. Nevertheless, there are many instances where using a semi-automatic welding work cell can actually be advantageous over robotic work cells. For example, a semi-automatic welding work cell can more easily adapt to varying welding conditions and/or sequences.
Unfortunately, when welding more complex assemblies in related art semi-automatic work cells, multiple different welding schedules are often required for different types of welds on different parts of an assembly. In many systems, when a different welding schedule must be utilized, the operator is required to stop welding operations and manually adjust the output of the semi-automatic equipment according to the new schedule. In some other systems, this manual adjustment is eliminated by storing particular schedules in the work cell. Nevertheless, even in such systems, the operator still needs to cease welding operations and push a button to select the new welding schedule before he may continue welding.
Neither of these practices for setting a different welding schedule is particularly efficient. Thus, in practice, the number of welding schedules used in a semi-automatic work cell is often reduced in order to eliminate the need for constant adjustment of the output of the semi-automatic equipment. While this reduction of welding schedules makes the overall operation easier for the welder, the forced simplification of this approach can lead to reduced productivity and lower overall quality.
Additionally, when abiding by strict quality control specifications, it is sometimes necessary to perform welds in a specific sequence, verify that each weld is performed with a given set of conditions, and monitor the output of the equipment during the welding operations. In a robotic work cell, these requirements are easily fulfilled. However, in a semi-automatic work cell, these requirements are susceptible to human error, since the operator must keep track of all of these aspects in addition to performing the welding operations themselves.
An illustrative example of

Another currently utilized cleaning method, known as ablation, suffers from its own particular drawbacks. With ablation, a surface or contaminants on a surface are heated to the point of vaporization. Depending on the material being ablated, the material may melt before being vaporized or the material may sublimate directly on heating. With ablation cleaning techniques, if damage to the treatment surface is to be prevented, the ablation energy must be exactly aimed toward contaminants rather than the surface on which the contaminants lie, a difficult task when the contaminants are extremely small or randomly spaced. Even where the ablation energy can be successfully directed at a contaminant, it is difficult to vaporize the contaminant without also damaging the underlying treatment surface.
Surface cleaning by melting, annealing and ablation can be conducted with a laser energy source. However, using a laser energy source to remove contaminants from a surface by melting, annealing or ablation does not overcome the inherent disadvantages of these processes. For example, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,292,093, "Method Using Laser Irradiation For the Production of Atomically Clean Crystalline Silicon and Germanium Surfaces" the laser annealing method disclosed requires both vacuum conditions and energy levels sufficient to cause rearrangement and melting of the treatment surface. Other known laser surface cleaning methods involving melting or annealing require similar high energy lasing and/or vacuum conditions, as disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,181,538 and 4,680,616. Similarly the laser ablation technique disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,464,534, "Laser Eraser" suffers the same drawbacks as other high energy ablation methods.
Accordingly, it is an object of the invention to provide a method and apparatus for removing contaminants from a substrate surface that does not alter the molecular crystal structure of the surface being treated.
It is another object of the invention to provide a method and apparatus for removing contaminants from a treatment surface that does not melt or vaporize any portion of the surface being treated.
It is another object of the invention to provide a method and apparatus for removing contaminants from the surface of a substrate that introduces no additional impurities to the substrate surface.
It is a further object of the invention to provide a method and apparatus for cleaning a substrate surface that does not require a vacuum and can be conducted economically in a very short period of time.
Additional objects and advantages of the present invention will be set forth in part in the description that follows and in part will be obvious from the

Telecommunications is a rapidly changing field of technology. Consequently, the field of telecommunications is replete with prior art references that show advancements in most every piece of equipment associated with the telecommunications industry. The most noticeable advancements to the field of telecommunications may be those occurring to the simple telephone. In recent years, the telephone has undergone a transformation from a simple way to communicate to a far more sophisticated apparatus that utilizes multimedia technologies. With the advent of cellular telecommunications networks, portable telephones and car telephones have become commonplace. Similarly, with the advent of facsimile transmission technology, "fax" machines have become commonplace, as are telephones integrated with fax machines. However, telephones are no longer being considered just voice or facsimile transmitters and receivers. Rather, telephones are now being integrated into highly sophisticated portable computers, thereby transforming the simple telephone into a more versatile multimedia device. For instance, certain telephones are being manufactured with large display screens and sophisticated microprocessors that store and run complex software. As such, the person may use the device either as a telephone or as a personal computer, running any software currently available. Such software is capable of creating complex graphic images on the display screen of the device, wherein, with a few simple commands, the information on the display screen can be transmitted as a facsimile transmission. Similarly, any such prior art device can receive facsimile transmissions sent to it, via a cellar telecommunication network or a hard-wire telephone line interface. Such portable devices that are part telephone, part facsimile machine and part personal computer are sometimes referred to as personal digital assistants (PADs) an example of which is being sold by A.T.&T. under the mark EO 440 Personal Communicator. A listing and description of most commercially marketed portable handheld computer devices with pen-write screens is made in an article by Christopher Barr et al. entitled Pen Pals, PC Magazine Volume 12, Number 17 pgs. 116 et seq. (October 1993).
Although the innovations in telephone equipment technology result in a far more versatile and useful telecommunications tool, the products currently being produced do contain certain disadvantages. For instance, many prior art multimedia telephones require a special stylus to create graphic images on the electronic display of the device. As a result, there is no hard copy of what is being entered onto the electronic display. Consequently, to obtain a hard copy of what is shown on the display, the device must be either coupled to a printer or the information downloaded to a disk which

Various types of humidity sensors have been developed over the years. A cost-effective miniaturized solution is to employ a solid state sensing film that interacts with water vapor to convert the water vapor concentration into an electrical signal. Techniques for converting the water vapor concentration into electrical signals include capacitive sensing, thermoelectric sensing and magnetoelastic sensing. A typical electrical humidity sensor may sense water vapor concentration, by having a capacitance or impedance between two electrodes. The capacitance of impedance may vary with the relative permittivity of a polymer film. The relative permittivity of the polymer film may be sensitive to an amount of water vapor absorbed by the polymer film. The typical accuracy of this type of sensors may range from ±1.7% to ±5%, which can meet the requirements in some consumer electronics, for example for use in environmental sensing and medical devices for breath testing. Another method for measuring relative humidity may be to use a “chilled-mirror” dew-point hygrometer. A “chilled-mirror” dew-point hygrometer may include a miniature polished mirror that may be cooled by a Peltier thermoelectric heat pump until the mirror reaches the dew-point of the water vapor under test. When the dew point temperature has been reached, condensation will begin to form on the mirror surface. The “chilled-mirror” dew-point hygrometer may include an electro-optical loop to detect a reduction of the light intensity reflected from the mirror surface and thereby, detect that condensation. The typical accuracy of such a dew-point hygrometer may be ±0.1° C. according to relative humidity accuracy of ±0.014% at a relative humidity of 1%. The high accuracy of a “chilled-mirror” dew-point hygrometer may allow it to be applied to a range of high-end applications including metrology laboratories, aerospace, natural gas, petrochemical and meteorology. However, there are many barriers to using the “chilled-mirror” dew-point hygrometer, including its high cost, large size and slow response rate. Other potential disruptive solutions for high accuracy detection of relative humidity include carbon nanotubes and graphene which exhibit very high humidity sensitivity. However, such solutions still require further development in order to be understood and applied to practical applications.
As such, there is a need for a humidity sensor that can achieve high accuracy with a relatively fast response rate

2. Description of the Related Art
A plasma display panel (hereinafter, PDP) is a display device using that visible ray is generated from phosphorus when vacuum ultraviolet ray generated by gas discharge excites the phosphorus.
The PDP has an advantage that it is thinner and lighter than a cathode ray tube CRT, and it can be made into a high definition large-scaled screen. The PDP includes a plurality of discharge cells arranged in a matrix, and each discharge cell becomes a pixel of a screen.
Referring to FIGS. 1 and 2, a discharge cell of a three AC surface discharge PDP in the related art includes a scan-sustain electrode 4Y and a common sustain electrode 4Z formed on an upper substrate 16, an address electrode 2X formed on a lower substrate 14. Herein, each of the sustain electrode pair 4Y and 4Z consist of a transparent electrode 4a and a bus electrode 4b. 
There are deposited an upper dielectric layer 12 and a passivation film 10 on the upper substrate 16 where the scan-sustain electrode 4Y and the common sustain electrode 4Z. The upper dielectric layer 12 is formed in a multi-layer structure, e.g., there are formed a first and a second upper dielectric layer 12A and 12B. Wall charges generated upon a plasma discharge are accumulated on the upper dielectric layer 12.
The passivation film 10 prevents the damage of the upper dielectric layer 12 caused by a sputtering that is generated upon plasma discharge and at the same time the discharge efficiency of secondary electron. The passivation film 10 is generally magnesium oxide MgO.
There are formed a lower dielectric layer 18 and barrier ribs 8 on the lower substrate 14 provided with the address electrode 2X, and the surface of the lower dielectric layer 18 and the barrier ribs 8 is coated with a phosphorus layer 6. The address electrode 2X is formed crossing the scan-sustain electrode 4Y and common sustain electrode 4Z.
The barrier ribs 8 are formed parallel to the address electrode 2X to prevent the ultraviolet ray and visible ray generated by the discharge from being leaked to adjacent discharge cells.
The phosphorus layer 6 is formed on the barrier ribs 8 and the lower dielectric layer 18, and gets excited by the ultraviolet ray generated upon the plasma discharge to generate any one of red, green and blue visible rays R, G and B.
There is injected an inert gas for gas discharge into a discharge space provided between the upper substrate 16, the lower substrate 14 and the barrier

an inverter circuit having a complementary MOS transistor structure for receiving an output signal from the NAND circuit and outputting an inverted signal of the received signal from an output terminal, where the complementary MOS transistor structure comprises a third p-channel MOS FET and a second n-channel MOS FET, and
wherein among all the MOS FETs in the AND logic circuit, each FET other than the third p-channel MOS FET has a threshold voltage value lower than the threshold voltage value of the third p-channel MOS FET.
This structure is obtained by applying the concept of the present invention to the AND logic circuit as shown in FIG. 14 (which is a previous invention of the inventors). Among the five transistors (three pMOS FETs and two nMOS FETs), the threshold voltage value Vth of each of the four transistors other than the third pMOS FET can be reduced, thereby sufficiently reducing the occupied area of the whole logic circuit.
The present invention also provides another specific semiconductor integrated circuit having an AND logic circuit which comprises:
a NAND circuit which includes:
a first pMOS FET, where a fixed electric potential is applied to the gate electrode so as to keep the first MOS FET on; and
a first n-channel MOS FET, where a first input signal is input into the gate electrode and a second inverted input signal is input into the source electrode, and
wherein the drain electrode of the first p-channel MOS FET and the drain electrode of the first n-channel MOS FET are connected; and
an inverter circuit having a complementary MOS transistor structure for receiving an output signal from the NAND circuit and outputting an inverted signal of the received signal from an output terminal, where the complementary MOS transistor structure comprises a second p-channel MOS FET and a second n-channel MOS FET, and
wherein among all the MOS FETs in the AND logic circuit, each FET other than the second p-channel MOS FET has a threshold voltage value lower than the threshold voltage value of the second p-channel MOS FET.
In this structure, only two input signals, the first input signal and the second inverted input signal are necessary, and the number of necessary transistors can be reduced by one in comparison with the previous structure. Accordingly, the occupied area of the logic circuit can be further reduced also by reducing the threshold voltage value Vth.
The present invention also provides a semiconductor

In recent years, electric vehicles (EV) are developed so as to avoid environmental contamination due to exhaust gases. Electric vehicles are driven by an electric motor instead of an oil engine. They are also equipped with a steer-assisting hydraulic devices operated by a motor-driven pump.
In either case where an electric motor is used to operate the pump, the problem is the limited accommodation space in the vehicle. To solve this problem, the pump and the electric motor are compactly combined or unified as shown in the Japanese Publication No. 3-15592 referred to above where a conventional mortise-tenon connection is used to couple the motor shaft and the pump shaft as shown in FIG. 13.
Referring to FIG. 13, an input shaft (motor shaft) (m) and an output shaft (pump shaft) (a) are coupled to each other by means of a driving coupler (hereinafter referred to as "coupler") (J). The coupler (J) includes a first mortise J1 and a second mortise J2 on opposite ends. The input shaft (m) includes a tenon m1, and the output shaft 4 includes a tenon al. The tenons m1 and al are inserted in the mortises J1 and J2, respectively, thereby coupling the motor shaft (m) to the pump shaft (a) such that a torque is transmitted through this mortise-tenon connection. As shown in FIG. 13, the rectangular mortises J1 and J2 are formed like a cross such that a torque is effectively transmitted from the motor shaft (m) to the pump shaft (a) through the coupler (J).
The mortise-tenon connection advantageously ensures the coaxial alignment of the input shaft (m) and output shaft (a). An alternative embodiment is disclosed in Japanese Utility Model Laid-Open Specification No. 5-58882, the disclosure of which is herein incorporated by reference; briefly, the tenons ml and al are provided in the coupler J, and the mortises J1 and J2 are provided in the motor shaft (m) and the pump shaft (a).
The known motor-driven pump described above has an oil reservoir defined by a space between the teeth of the driving gears (A) and the follower gears and the inside wall of the pump housing (B). The oil is intermittently delivered every time each oil reservoir is opened to the outlet chamber in the pump housing (B). The problem of

Second, when the seatbelt is tightened in a severe crash, the seatbelt load applied to the occupant could go beyond the occupant's injury tolerance and thus hurt the occupant.
Because of the limitations mentioned above, pretensioner seatbelts and load limiter seatbelts are more and more widely applied in recent years. In the early stage of a crash, the pretensioner reduces the slack of the seatbelt and lets the occupant into the constriction state as soon as possible; in the process of the crash, the load limiter controls the force applied to the occupants by the seatbelt to an acceptable level.
For pretensioner seatbelt systems, when a crash accident is detected, the pretensioner device is activated. There are several types of pretensioner devices. A popular explosion type of pretensioner device includes a gas initiator, a gas generator, a piston, a tube, a wire and a drive wheel. The piston is installed in the tube. One end of the wire is connected to the piston and the other end is connected with the drive wheel. When the pretensioner is activated, the gas initiator ignites the gas generator, causing the gas expansion and forcing the piston to pull the wire, which rotates the drive wheel. The webbing wound on the retractor driven by the wheel is retracted. At the end of the pretension process, the retractor locks and the seatbelt system restrains the occupants from hitting on the front panel or the steering wheel, etc.
In the existing seatbelt pretensioner designs, the pretensioning stroke distance is equal to the reduction of slack length of the webbing. Studies have confirmed that in crash accidents, if pretensioners can retract more webbing as soon as possible, the seatbelt system can actuate earlier and provide better protection.
The operation procedure of the load limiter seatbelt systems is as follows: when the load applied by the webbing to the occupants exceeds a certain level, the retractor or buckle will release some webbing under a preset load level to prevent an overly high load on the occupants. The main types of the load limiter are compressed deformation of metals, webbing unfolding, tearing deformation of side plate metals and torque deformation, etc.
While the use of pretensioners and load limiters could enhance the crash performance of a seatbelt system in some crashes, the use of both devices in a seatbelt system has not always been a practical choice due to some issues such

When hunters hunt outdoors and when nature watchers observe wildlife and birds in the wild, so-called “treestands” are often used that provide a seat and/or standing platform for the hunter or nature watcher above the ground. Such treestands are typically secured to a tree and have a raised platform that is supported above the ground. Such a treestand raises the hunter or nature watcher so as to provide increased visibility, and also to keep the hunter or nature watcher off of wet ground. Well known such treestands are the Multi-Vision Climbing Stand Series treestands manufactured and sold by OL' MAN Treestands, 311 East Jennings St., Tallahassee, Fla. 32301. There are problems with the use of such exposed stands, namely, that they expose the hunter or nature watcher to the elements, such as wind, rain, and colder temperatures. This can detract from the outdoors experience and limit the time that the hunter or nature watcher can stay outdoors. Additionally, when a hunter or nature watcher is exposed, wildlife are deterred from approaching because they can easily see, smell, and hear the individual.
It is therefore desirable to have a blind for use with treestands by hunters or nature watchers. It is further desirable that such a blind be lightweight and portable, provide shelter for the hunter or nature watcher from the elements, hide the hunter or nature watcher from wildlife, and be easy to set up by a single person. It is further desirable to provide a portable blind that can be adapted for use with a variety of portable climbing deer stands, stationary ladder stands, and tree stands.
A preliminary patentability search produced the following patents and patent application publications, some of which may be relevant to the present invention: O'Hare, U.S. Pat. No. 6,431,192 (issued Aug. 13, 2002); Ransom et al., U.S. Pat. No. 7,137,399 (issued Nov. 21, 2006); Jenkinson, U.S. Pat. No. 7,735,503 (issued Jun. 15, 2010); Stabler, U.S. Pat. No. 7,958,968 (issued Jun. 14, 2011); Valpredo, U.S. Patent Application Publication 2002/0078988A1 (published Jun. 27, 2002); and Hanson, U.S. Patent Application Publication 2006/0249640

Oplophorus luciferase was isolated from the deep-sea shrimp that is classified in crustaceans and the protein was identified by Shimomura, et al. in 1978 (Non-Patent Document 1). In 2000, Inouye et al. revealed by isolation of the gene that Oplophorus luciferase is a complex composed of 35 kDa protein consisting of 320 amino acid residues and 19 kDa protein consisting of 169 amino acid residues (Patent Document 1, Non-Patent Document 2). It has also been demonstrated by gene expression using Escherichia coli and cultured animal cells that the catalytic domain responsible for the luminescent oxidation of coelenterazine is present in the 19 kDa protein (Patent Document 1, Non-Patent Document 2). When a gene encoding the 19 kDa domain protein is expressed in Escherichia coli, it is expressed as inclusion bodies over 95%. It is reported that the 19 kDa protein is expressed as a soluble form in the Escherichia coli system using the fusion protein with protein A derived ZZ-domain (Non-Patent Document 3). On the other hand, it is shown that cultured animal cells do not secret the 19 kDa protein by their own signal peptide sequence for secretion but the 19 kDa protein have a luminescence activity in the cells (Non-Patent Document 2). In 2012, a method of conventional random mutagenesis was applied to this gene of the 19 kDa domain protein to produce the mutagenized 19 kDa domain gene, which was shown to provide higher activity than that of native 19 kDa protein, named “nanoLuc.” NanoLuc shows the difference of 16 amino acid residues with the native 19 kDa protein, which consists of 169 amino acid residues (KAZ), indicating 90.5% identity (Non-Patent Document 4). However, the essential amino acid residues for luminescence function are not identified and the function of mutated amino acid residues remains unclear. Patent Document 2 discloses the mutated 19 kDa protein including nanoLuc, which shows higher activity than that of native 19 kDa protein.
Coelenterazine, a light-emitting substrate, is also known as a light-emitting substrate for Renilla luciferase of Renilla reniformis or as a source of light emission for the photoprotein aequorin isolated from Aequorea victoria and is a compound having an imidazopyrazinone ring as a core structure. The mechanism of light emission is considered as follows. Molecular oxygen attaches to coelenterazine and the resulting peroxide produces the dioxetanone. Subsequently, decarboxylation proceeds to form the coel

Many conventional filter assemblies include a hollow, cylindrical filter which comprises a cylindrical, pleated filter medium sandwiched between and bonded to impervious end caps. At least one of the end caps has a central aperture through which a fluid line communicates with the interior of the filter. Fluid to be filtered is directed through the filter medium from the outside to the inside and the filtered fluid is then removed from the interior of the filter via the fluid line.
As the fluid flows outside-in through the filter, contaminants, such as particulates, accumulate on the outside surface of the filter medium. Once a sufficient accumulation of contaminants has caked onto the outside surface of the filter medium, flow through the filter is significantly impeded. At this point, the filter should be removed from the filter assembly and replaced with a new filter. Unfortunately, with the accumulation of contaminants caked on the outside of the filter medium, removing and replacing the filter can result in the release of some of the accumulated contaminants. These contaminants can then re-enter the system fluid and cause severe wear or other related problems.
A filter assembly having a filter with one closed end cap allows the fluid to be filtered to be directed from the inside-out and significantly diminishes this problem. The contaminants accumulate on the inside surface of the filter medium and therefore are contained within the filter by the medium and closed end cap. Consequently, the filter may be removed and replaced conveniently without release of the accumulated contaminants trapped inside the filter.
Unfortunately, conventional filter assemblies designed for inside-out have several additional drawbacks. For example, in order to force fluid through the filter, the pressure of the fluid inside the filter must be greater than the pressure of the fluid outside the filter. This difference in pressure forces the end caps away from the filter medium. If the force becomes great enough, the bond between the end caps and the filter medium can rupture, causing contaminated fluid to bypass the filter medium. Because of this force, conventional filter assemblies frequently use two open end caps with compression seals and/or an auxiliary spring force to help keep the filter in compression to prevent rupture of the end cap bonds. However, the open end caps will not contain the accumulated contaminant on the inside of the filter.
Inside-out flow is also more likely to stretch and misshape the pleats of the filter medium than outside-in flow. Misshaping the element modifies its porous characteristics, making it useless long before rupture occurs. Further, both of these problems, i.e, rupture of the

The third generation (3G) mobile telecommunications system has adopted a Wideband Code Division Multiple Access (WCDMA) wireless air interface access method for a cellular network. WCDMA provides high frequency spectrum utilization, universal coverage, and high quality, high-speed multimedia data transmission. The WCDMA method also meets all kinds of QoS requirements simultaneously, providing diverse, flexible, two-way transmission services and better communication quality to reduce transmission interruption rates. Through the 3G mobile telecommunications system, a user can utilize a wireless communications device, such as a mobile phone, to realize real-time video communications, conference calls, real-time games, online music broadcasts, and email sending/receiving. However, these functions rely on fast, instantaneous transmission. Thus, targeting at the third generation mobile telecommunication technology, the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) provides High Speed Package Access (HSPA) technology, which includes High Speed Downlink Package Access (HSDPA) and High Speed Uplink Package Access (HSUPA), to increase bandwidth utility rate and package data processing efficiency to improve uplink/downlink transmission rate.
On the basis of HSDPA, the 3GPP further introduces HS-DSCH (High Speed Downlink Shared Channel) reception in a CELL_PCH and a URA-PCH state, allowing the UE in the CELL_PCH or the URA-PCH state to monitor an HS-DSCH accompanied with a Shared Control Channel for HS-DSCH (HS-SCCH) for downlink data reception, so as to improve a peak data rate, a signaling delay, a state transition delay, download times and flexible cell capacity. In the HS-DSCH reception in the CELL_PCH and URA_PCH state, the HS-DSCH is a transport channel allowed to map on dedicated-type logic channels including a Dedicated Control Channel (DCCH) and a Dedicated Traffic Channel (DTCH) or common-type logic channels including a Paging Control Channel (PCCH) and a Broadcast Control Channel (BCCH).
A UMTS radio access network (UTRAN) enables the HS-DSCH reception in the CELL_PCH and the URA_PCH state by including parameters, related to radio resource control (RRC) configuration of PICH (Paging Indicator Channel), HS-SCCH, HS-DSCH and an H

A basic component of a printed circuit board is a dielectric layer having a sheet of copper foil bonded thereto. Through a subtractive process that includes one or more etching steps, portions of the copper foil are etched away to leave a distinct pattern of conductive lines and formed elements on the surface of the dielectric layer. Multi-layer printed circuit boards are formed by stacking and joining two or more of the aforementioned dielectric layers having printed circuits thereon.
In recent years, the trend has been to reduce the size of electronic components and provide printed circuit boards having multi-chip modules, etc. This results in a need to increase the number of components, i.e., surface mount components, provided on a printed circuit board. A key to providing a densely populated circuit board is to produce close and fine circuit patterns from the copper. The width and spacing of conductive paths on the printed circuit board are generally dictated by the thickness of the copper on the dielectric layer. For example, if the copper has a thickness of 35 .mu.m (which is a conventional 1-ounce copper used in manufacturing many printed circuits), exposing the printed circuit board to an etching process for a period of time to remove such a copper thickness will also reduce the width of the side areas of the printed circuit path in approximately the same amount. In other words, the width of the spacing between adjacent circuit lines is basically determined by the thickness of the copper foil on the dielectric layer, as well as the narrowness of the line to be formed. In this respect, as the thickness of the foil decreases below 35 .mu.m, the ability to physically handle such foil becomes more difficult. There is a minimum thickness of a copper foil sheet that is determined by the ability of the foil manufacturer to handle and transport such sheets. Hence, there is also a limit on achieving close and fine circuit patterns from copper sheets.
In recent years, it has been proposed to use copper-coated polyimides in forming printed circuits. The thickness of the copper on polyimide is generally significantly less than the thickness of traditional copper foil sheet. The thinner copper on the polyimide allows for finer and more closely spaced circuit lines in that the thinness of the copper layer reduces the etching time required to remove unwanted copper. In this respect, it is possible to use copper clad polyimide wherein the copper has a thickness as low as 0.1 .mu.m (1,000 .ANG.). The thinner copper on the polyimide also finds advantageous application in a semi-additive process. In a semi-

Accordingly, there has been proposed a photovoltaic blind system in which solar battery panels are combined with the slats of a blind system installed in order to block light from the outside to the inside or from the inside to the outside, thereby implementing both of blocking light and generating photovoltaic power.
It is expected that a photovoltaic blind system, constructed upon a large building whose outer walls are generally finished with glasses, can produce a considerable amount of renewable energy.
A photovoltaic blind system requires solar tracking ability for tracking the incident direction of solar light in order to maximize the amount of photovoltaic power generation. Previous studies suggest that a one-axis solar tracking technique capable of changing the angles of photovoltaic panels only in a horizontal direction or a vertical direction can improve performance by about 12 to 25%, and a two-axis solar tracking technique capable of changing the angles of photovoltaic panels in both horizontal and vertical directions can improve performance by about 30 to 45%, compared to a case without solar tracking ability.
Furthermore, although different photovoltaic blind systems could be classified either into one-axis solar tracking technique alike or into two-axis solar tracking technique, the different photovoltaic blind systems may exhibit different improvements in the amount of power generation according to their solar tracking algorithms. Accordingly, there is a need for a more effective solar tracking algorithm.
Solar tracking approaches may be classified into three types: optical sensor-based approach for detecting direction of the sun in the sky using optical sensors to face toward the sun; generated power output-based approach for finding direction in which the output of photovoltaic power generation maximizes so as to control the directions of photovoltaic panels; and location and time-based approach using the direction of the sun predicted based on location and time.
The optical sensor-based approach operates, for example, to determine direction of the sun based on direction of an optical sensor that measures the strongest solar light among optical sensors oriented toward various directions. Accordingly, the approach requires optical sensors and further a means for determining direction of the sun from the detected signals of the optical sensors, and thus higher costs.
However, due to the features of the blind system, orientation toward the sun does not necessarily ensure maximizing output of generated power. For example, if blind slats are adjusted for facing toward the sun when the sun stands at its meridian altitude in midsummer, the blind slats are disposed almost horizontally, only resulting a situation

Although cellular phones are used primarily for making and receiving telephone calls, additional functionalities are being included in the cellular phones to allow users, for example, to take digital pictures, to listen to songs, to watch videos and/or to play games. These functionalities place a heavy demand on the cellular phone battery, which reduces the charged life of the battery. In a cellular phone, one of the most power-draining components is the power amplifier that transmits signals to the nearest cellular station. Therefore, the power-added efficiency (PAE) of a power amplifier, which is a measure of how much power is needed to achieve a given amount of amplification, is an important factor for the battery life of a cellular phone. With a higher PAE of the power amplifier, the amount of time that a user can talk on the cellular phone and/or operate other functionalities of the cellular phone can be increased.
In a power amplifier of a cellular phone, an impedance transformation network is used to reduce the impedance of the load (often 50 Ohms) to a more optimal output impedance for the amplifier so that the signal from the amplifier can properly be generated for the load. Although there are various impedance transformation networks, a conventional impedance transformation network of interest is an impedance transformation network that utilizes a set of stacked shunt ferroelectric varactors as a variable capacitor. Such an impedance transformation network is used in a power amplifier for cellular technologies that use variable transmission signal strength, such as Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) technology, to achieve greater PAE for power levels other than the maximum power level. In contrast to semiconductor varactors, ferroelectric varactors have a higher Q factor, which makes these devices attractive for power amplifier applications.
However, the stacked shunt ferroelectric varactors of the conventional impedance transformation network are quite non-linear, and thus, the impedance transformation network requires a significant number of stacked shunt ferroelectric varactors to achieve an acceptable linearity. Unfortunately, as the number of stacked shunt ferroelectric varactors is increased, the series resistance is also increased, which degrades the total PAE of the power amplifier. Furthermore, the stacked shunt ferroelectric varactors must provide high capacitance for high power output levels, which means that the varactors must be operated at near zero DC voltage where the varactors are more non-linear. This necessitates additional stacked shunt ferroelectric varactors to achieve the desired linearity, resulting in greater series resistance.
In view of these concerns, what is needed is an impedance

Thermal ink jet printers apply ink to a print medium such as paper by ejecting ink drops from one or more printheads through a column or array of nozzles. The printheads are mounted on a carriage assembly that is movable in a lateral direction across the print medium and ink drops are selectively ejected from the nozzles at corresponding ink drop placement locations. Specifically, each nozzle is associated with a heater resistor that generates heat when sufficient current passes through it, with the generated heat causing ink within an associated ink reservoir to be ejected from the nozzle. The printheads are moved in a series of lateral passes or swaths across the print medium, and between printing passes, the print medium is advanced in a longitudinal or advance direction. Since the printhead moves in a direction that is perpendicular to the advance direction of the print medium, in each pass, each nozzle passes in a linear manner over the print medium. The line associated with each nozzle which overlies the print medium is commonly referred to as a raster or raster line. A plurality of raster lines extending across the image area of the print medium are disposed vertically adjacent to each other in the advance direction.
A printer controller determines which resistors will be “fired” and the proper firing sequence so that a desired image is printed. However, ink drop placement errors can occur due to a number of factors, including incorrect timing or variable ink drop flight time. Further, if the amount that the print medium is advanced between printing passes is not precisely equal to a theoretical advance amount, either adjacent printed lines can overlap, or be visibly distant from one another. These effects of incorrect line spacing are referred to as line continuation errors.
Known methods exist for ameliorating the effects of ink drop placement errors. One such method is known as shingling or interlaced printing. For a two pass shingling mode (i.e., 50% interlace level), approximately 50% of the ink drops are placed on any given printhead pass. The candidate dots in a first pass are selectively addressed according to a checkerboard pattern, with the remaining dots printed on the next pass, after the print medium is advanced. For a printhead with vertically disposed colors, and a raster which contains cyan, magenta and yellow dots, printing at a 50% interlace level requires that the printhead be passed at least six times across each raster line. Employing a shingling method generally improves print quality, while at the same time reducing the printing speed as compared to printing without sh

The present invention, in some embodiments thereof, relates to creating a robust persistent memory based distributed-journal file system and, more specifically, but not exclusively, to creating a robust persistent memory based distributed-journal file system by allocating a self-journal record to each of the files in the file system.
Data storage is one of the major building blocks of modern technology as everything is about data. One of the challenges every data storage system, product and/or platform is facing is the need to provide a robust crash immune data management environment while maintaining high access rates and data store/retrieval performance. Crash immunity is essential in order to verify the consistency of a data storage system to assure data integrity and/or avoid data loss in the event of an improper unmounting of the data storage system as result of, for example, a system crash, a system hang and/or a power loss which may occur during one or more operations to the data storage system.
One of the widely used techniques for implementing a robust data management system is a journal based file system in which every file operation such as, for example, file creation, removal, modification, truncate, merge, split and/or link is logged in a dedicated record—a journal. Following an improper unmount sequence of the file system, the journal may be analyzed to determine which of one or more file operations that took place during the improper unmount sequence have completed successfully and which of the file operation(s) have not completed.
Analyzing the journal allows the file system to undo file operation(s) which did not complete during the improper unmount sequence and restore the file system to the initial state in which it was prior to initiation of the failed file operation(s). The data involving the failed file operation(s) may be lost but the integrity of the file system is maintained.
Journaling file systems however may present a performance penalty in modern multi-threaded processors, since the journal needs to be kept constantly synchronized, forcing every state-modifying file and/or directory operation to be logged in the journal, in the order it is executed. This scenario may make the journal logging itself a bottleneck in the data storage path. The performance penalty may have been acceptable while working with legacy mass storage devices, for example, magnetic hard drives and/or solid state drives and/or arrays, however the rapidly increasing performance of near-memory speed storage devices may require other solutions to address a robust file system which allows for high data access rates and/

Before the modem connection is provided, the calling modem and the answering modem must perform modem training. Modem training includes negotiating communication parameters such as, data transfer rate, data compression, error correction protocol and modulation. Modem training includes a series of training steps, in which the calling modem and the answering modem adjust to each other""s characteristics and to the characteristics of the switched connection. These training steps include V.8/V.8bis, auto-mode, error correction and data compression. The steps and procedures are defined by the ITU V. series of modem specification and other modem specifications including MNP5 compression. ITU V. series modem specifications include V.8, V8bis, V.42, V.42bis, V.34, V.90, V.92, and V.32/V.32bis.
Once modem training is complete, the modem connection is provided by the modem pass-through between the calling modem and the answering modem. However, data can only be transported between the modems while the modem connection is provided by the modem pass-through.
Unlike a telephone network in which there is a dedicated connection between the calling modem and the answering modem, each data packet transmitted from a modem may travel on a different path from a source packet network gateway to a destination packet network gateway connected to the packet network. Some data packets may travel faster than others. Thus, data packets transmitted over the packet network may arrive out of order at the destination packet network gateway.
To compensate for these path differences, each packet network gateway includes ajitter buffer. The jitter buffer temporarily stores PCM data extracted from the payload of data packets received from the packet network. The PCM data is forwarded in-order after a playout delay to the modem. Temporarily storing received PCM data in ajitter buffer allows a smooth ordered playout of the extracted PCM data to the modem.
Each packet network gateway includes a separate clock source. The clock sources are not synchronized. The remote clock source determines the rate at which data packets are received by the local packet network gateway from the remote packet network gateway over the packet network. The local clock source determines the rate at which the packet network gateway reads the extracted PCM data from the jitter buffer. Thus, timing differences accumulate at both the local packet network gateway and the remote packet network gateway because the local clock source and the remote clock source are not synchronized. These timing differences result in a progressive accumulation of PCM data stored in the j

Cardiac arrhythmia is a major cause of mortality in cardiovascular pathologies. Aberrancies in cardiac Ca2+ signaling have been associated with development of arrhythmia. For instance, it has been found that leaky ryanodine receptors elevate local Ca2+ concentrations causing membrane depolarizations that trigger arrhythmias. Increases in frequency of Ca2+ sparks that trigger Ca2+ waves are known to activate depolarizing currents responsible for early or late after-depolarizations and arrhythmias. Due to such findings, Ca2+ signaling has been a primary target of antiarrhythmic pharmacotherapy. In fact, inhibition of the spontaneous release of Ca2+ (e.g., via leaky ryanodine receptors) is proposed to be critical in the pharmacotherapy of arrhythmias, as reported recently for clinical use of flecainide.
The regulation of Ca2+ release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) is mediated not only by binding of Ca2+ to ryanodine receptor 2 (RyR2), but also by a host of regulatory proteins that include calmodulin, protein kinase A, FK506-binding protein (FKBP12.6), Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II, protein phosphatases (calcineurin), and junctional and luminal SR proteins junctin, triadin, and calsequestrin. In addition, mitochondrial-derived reactive oxygen species (ROS) have been reported to modulate RyR2-mediated Ca2+ spark activity, supporting the possibility that local control of SR Ca2+ release is regulated partially by mitochondrial ROS production. In ischemia-reperfusion-induced arrhythmias, experimental evidence also suggests deleterious effects arising from mitochondrial Ca2+ overload, ROS generation, and opening of permeability transition pores that leads to overactive RyR2 activity, causing local membrane depolarizations. It has been suggested that these depolarizations propagate from cell to cell and can be effectively suppressed by free oxygen radical scavengers.
Xanthohumol, a prenylated chalcone, is one of the principal flavonoids present in hop plant cone extracts. Flavonoids have been reported to have therapeutic effects as an antiproliferative in human breast cancer, colon cancer, and ovarian cancer, and in preventing cancerous cell growth through inhibition of cytochrome P450 enzymes. Xanthohumol has also been suggested to counteract low-density lipoprotein-induced oxygen-damaging effects, improve neuronal plasticity, and produce therapeutic effects against arteriosclerosis

This invention relates to a solidifying material for cell or battery (hereinafter collectively called xe2x80x9ccellxe2x80x9d) electrolyte solution and a cell comprising the solidifying material as a constituent element. The term xe2x80x9ccell electrolyte solutionxe2x80x9d may hereinafter be referred to simply as an xe2x80x9celectrolyte solutionxe2x80x9d, and the term xe2x80x9csolidifying material for an electrolyte solutionxe2x80x9d may hereinafter be referred to simply as xe2x80x9csolidifying materialxe2x80x9d.
b) Description of the Related Art
As a cell electrolyte is conventionally in a liquid form, it is sealed in a case from the standpoint of safety. To safely hold the electrolyte solution over a long time, the case is required to be strongly built. As a result, it has heretofore been difficult to form a cell into a thin structure. It has recently been proposed to have an electrolyte solution absorbed in a high molecular substance such that the electrolyte is solidified. This approach is expected not only to avoid leakage of the electrolyte solution from cells and to provide the cells with improved safety but also to achieve higher design tolerances on cell configurations, cell thickness reductions, improvements in durability, and higher outputs owing to increases in area.
The conventional high molecular substances for solidifying electrolyte solutions have crosslinked structures, are insoluble in solvents, and do not melt under heat. Accordingly, they cannot be formed into thin films of uniform thickness. Use of a solid electrolyte in the form of a thin film is indispensable for the construction of a cell of smaller dimensions, especially of a reduced thickness. Because the above-described high molecular substances cannot be formed into thin films, it has heretofore been difficult to obtain a solid electrolyte in the form of a thin film of uniform thickness.
An object of the present invention is, therefore, to provide a solidifying material for a cell electrolyte solution, which can be formed into a thin film or sheet (which may hereinafter be collectively called xe2x80x9cfilmxe2x80x9d) of uniform thickness and can easily absorb and solidify the electrolyte solution.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a cell making use of such a solidifying material.
The above-described objects can be achieved by the present invention as will be described hereinafter.
Described specifically, the

One typical method for identifying a 360° turn is commonly referred to as bin tracking. Bin tracking includes estimating a tracking angle from a magnetic field data point without first correcting the magnetic field data point for changed surrounding magnetic conditions using the reference correction factor (e.g., an ellipse). The tracking angle may not be useful for determining an accurate vehicle direction, however, it is useful to determine when the vehicle completes a 360° turn.
The microprocessor separates the 360° turn into “bins.” Typically, each bin represents a 12° increment of the 360°. Bin #1 might include the increment 1–12°, bin #2 13–24° and so on up to 360°. The microprocessor catalogues the tracking angles in the bins. When all of the bins (or a selected number of the bins) have a cataloged angle, the microprocessor knows that the vehicle has completed a 360° turn (or selected percentage of the 360° turn).
One typical method of estimating a series of tracking angles without first correcting the magnetic field data points includes plotting an uncorrected magnetic field data point on a reference coordinate system (e.g., a coordinate system of the magnetic sensors). For an initial uncorrected magnetic field data point, an offset point lying on a line between the uncorrected magnetic field data point and the center of the reference coordinate system and at a given distance from the uncorrected magnetic field data point is also plotted. The angle between the line and a north reference line that extends from the offset point parallel to the Y-axis is used as the tracking angle for the uncorrected magnetic field data point.
A subsequent tracking angle is determined the same way by plotting a subsequent uncorrected magnetic field data point on the reference coordinate system. If the magnetic field data point lies within a threshold (the given distance plus or minus a percent of the given distance) of the initial offset point, the initial offset point is still used to compute the tracking angle corresponding to the subsequent uncorrected magnetic field data point. If the subsequent uncorrected magnetic field data point lies outside the threshold of the initial offset point, a second offset point is determined. The second offset point lies on a line between the subsequent uncorrected magnetic field data point and the previous offset point. The angle between the line and a north reference line that extends from the second offset point parallel to the Y-axis is the subsequent tracking angle. Thus, for each new incoming uncorrected magnetic field data point, a new corresponding tracking angle is computed, based on the formerly determined offset

For a long time, purely manual methods have been used in which the specimen to be assessed is put into a culture bottle containing a culture medium, and the growth of the culture is inspected only visually at given time intervals, and the type or presence of a microorganism is inferred from this observation.
In addition, some technical procedures and devices are known, with which the biological activities in a sample caused by microorganisms may be determined, and where the CO.sub.2 produced by the metabolism of the microorganism, or rather, the change in CO.sub.2 content, is employed as a measurement for determining the biological activity.
It is a known procedure, for instance, to bottle the sample to be assessed together with a radioactively labelled liquid culture medium and to test the atmosphere over the culture medium for radioactive gases, following which the presence of microorganisms in the simple may be determined.
Measuring systems of this kind are described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,676,679 and 3,935,073, for example. Although such systems are quick and reliable, they have certain disadvantages, i.e., radioactive substances must be handled and samples must repeatedly be taken from the gas space above the culture medium for continuous monitoring. When the samples are removed from the gas space, the remaining samples to be monitored may easily be contaminated by the sample-taking element and measuring errors may occur.
In European application 0 158 497 a system is disclosed in which the biological activity of a specimen is determined by means of infrared absorption. In this method a specimen is introduced into a sealable vessel containing a liquid culture medium, and is tested for the presence of microorganisms. The vessel is subjected to specific conditions, i.e., certain temperatures are maintained over given periods of time, thus enhancing the metabolism of the microorganisms, during which process CO.sub.2 is produced in the gas space above the culture medium by conversion of the carbon source. A sample is taken from the gas space and introduced into a measuring cell, and the CO.sub.2 content is measured by infrared absorption. Again, the subsequent samples may be contaminated, and another drawback is that infrared absorption is a less sensitive manner of measuring than radioactive labelling.
In order to avoid the problem of cross-contamination, the European application 0 104 463 proposes a method as well as a device of the kind mentioned in the introduction, which also are based on the detection of CO.sub.2 --produced by metabolic processes--by way of infrared absorption

This invention relates to engine cooling systems and more particularly to a novel and improved cooling system in a turbo charged internal combustion engine.
The development of internal combustion engines for reduced exhaust emissions has resulted in significant increases in the amount of heat dissipation into engine cooling systems. Traditionally, increases in the required amount of heat dissipation has been accomplished by improving the radiator cooling capacity through increasing the core size of the radiator. In addition, increased coolant and cooling air flow has been used to deal with the increase in required heat dissipation.
Packaging space for larger radiator cores and high energy consumption due to increased coolant and cooling air flow limit the amount of heat dissipation capacity increase that can be accomplished with these traditional approaches.
It is possible to improve cooling capacity by elevating the maximum permissible coolant temperature above traditional levels. The adoption of pressurized cooling systems which permitted operation with coolants at 100xc2x0 C./212xc2x0 F. was a step in this direction. The addition of expansion tanks assisted in maintaining such temperature levels. However, it has become desirable to elevate coolant temperatures to even higher levels.
Utilization of elevated coolant temperatures requires proper pressurization under all operating, stand-still and ambient conditions in order to control cooling characteristics, secure coolant flow, prevent cavitation and cavitation erosion and to prevent unwanted boiling and overflow.
Temperature and pressure increase becomes more critical as the heat dissipation from the engine approaches the cooling capacity of the cooling system. A now traditional approach for pressurizing cooling systems is to rely on closed expansion or pressure tanks which depend on temperature increases of coolant and air to create and maintain desired pressures. Such a system communicates with ambient air by opening two way pressure valves to thereby communicating the system with ambient air to entrain new air into the pressure tank when entrapped air and the coolant cool to create a vacuum in the system. Such systems are passive and vulnerable to leaks. Moreover, if such a system is depressurized for any reason, such as maintenance or top-off, pressure is reduced to ambient and operating time and cycles are needed to increase the pressure in the system.
According to the present invention, an internal combustion engine cooling system is pressurized by introducing air under pressure from an external pressurized source. More specifically, in the preferred and disclosed embodiment, air under pressure from an engine intake manifold is communicated into the cooling system thereby to pressurize the system and elevate the maximum available coolant temperature. In its simplest form,

Electrophotographic imaging members, e.g., photoreceptors, typically include a photoconductive layer formed on an electrically conductive substrate. The photoconductive layer is an insulator in the substantial absence of light so that electric charges are retained on its surface. Upon exposure to light, charge is generated by the photoactive pigment, and under applied field charge moves through the photoreceptor and the charge is dissipated.
In electrophotography, also known as xerography, electrophotographic imaging or electrostatographic imaging, the surface of an electrophotographic plate, drum, belt or the like (imaging member or photoreceptor) containing a photoconductive insulating layer on a conductive layer is first uniformly electrostatically charged. The imaging member is then exposed to a pattern of activating electromagnetic radiation, such as light. Charge generated by the photoactive pigment move under the force of the applied field. The movement of the charge through the photoreceptor selectively. dissipates the charge on the illuminated areas of the photoconductive insulating layer while leaving behind an electrostatic latent image. This electrostatic latent image may then be developed to form a visible image by depositing oppositely charged particles on the surface of the photoconductive insulating layer. The resulting visible image may then be transferred from the imaging member directly or indirectly (such as by a transfer or other member) to a print substrate, such as transparency or paper. The imaging process may be repeated many times with reusable imaging members.
An electrophotographic imaging member may be provided in a number of forms. For example, the imaging member may be a homogeneous layer of a single material such as vitreous selenium or it may be a composite layer containing a photoconductor and another material. In addition, the imaging member may be layered. These layers can be in any order, and sometimes can be combined in a single or mixed layer.
Typical multilayered photoreceptors have at least two layers, and may include a substrate, a conductive layer, an optional charge blocking layer, an optional adhesive layer, a photogenerating layer (sometimes referred to as a “charge generation layer,” “charge generating layer,” or “charge generator layer”), at least one charge transport layer, an optional overcoating layer and, in some belt embodiments, an anticurl backing layer. In the multilayer configuration, the active layers of the photoreceptor are the charge generation layer (CGL) and the charge transport layer (CTL). Enhancement of charge transport across these layers provides better photoreceptor performance.

That is, as shown in, for example, FIGS. 1A and 1B, the slab optical waveguide substrate unit 100 has integrally formed, input channel optical waveguides (input channel optical waveguide array) 103 to which a light signal is input, collimator lenses (input-side lens array) 104 that convert the input light signal into parallel light (collimated light), a slab optical waveguide 105 that allows the light signal converted into the parallel light to propagate therethrough, light-converging lenses (output-side lens array) 106 that converge the light signal (propagating parallel light), and output channel optical waveguides (output channel optical waveguide array) 107 to which the light signal is output. A first light-deflecting element mounting opening 112, to which the light deflecting elements 101 are mounted, and a second light-deflecting element mounting opening 113, to which the light deflecting elements 102 are mounted, are formed in the slab optical waveguide array substrate unit 100. In FIG. 1B, reference numeral 111 denotes a core layer, reference numeral 114 denotes a lower clad layer, and reference numeral 115 denotes an upper clad layer.
The input-side light deflecting elements (first light-deflecting element array) 101 and the output-side light deflecting elements (second light-deflecting element array) 102 are formed by forming thin-film slab optical waveguides 109, formed of electro-optical materials (for example, electro-optical crystals, such as PZT or PLZT), onto respective conductive substrate units 108; by forming prism electrodes 110 on a surface of each slab optical waveguide 109; and by polishing end surfaces.
In the optical switch module, the input-side light deflecting elements 101 are mounted to the first light-deflecting element mounting opening 112 disposed between the collimator lenses 104 and the slab optical waveguide 105 at the slab optical waveguide substrate unit 100. The output-side light deflecting elements 102 are mounted to the second light-deflecting element mounting opening 113 disposed between the slab optical waveguide 105 and the light-converging lenses 106.
In the optical switch module having such a structure, application of a predetermined voltage to the prism electrodes 110 (formed at the input-side light deflecting elements 101 and the output-side light deflecting elements 102) results in the following. For example, as shown in FIG. 1A, light signals, input from the input channel optical wave

U.S. Pat. No. 3,691,584 (Drew et al.) also discloses an oscillating showerhead, but utilizes a nozzle mounted on a stem that rotates and pivots under forces places on it by water entering through radially disposed slots into a chamber around a stem. Although this showerhead is simpler than those of Brewer and Heitzman, it still includes a large number of piece requiring precise dimensions and numerous connections between pieces. Furthermore, the Drew showerhead relies upon small openings for water passageways and is subject to mineral buildup and plugging with particles.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,467,927 (Lee) discloses a showerhead with an apparatus having a plurality of blades designed to produce vibration and pulsation. One blade is provided with an eccentric weight which causes vibration and an opposite blade is provided with a front flange which causes pulsation by momentarily blocking the water jets. Again, the construction of this showerhead is rather complex and its narrow passageways are subject to mineral buildup and plugging with particulates.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,704,547 (Golan et al.) discloses a shower head including a housing, a turbine and a fluid exit body, such that fluid flowing through the turbine causes rotation of the turbine. The rotating (spinning) turbine can be used to cause rotation of the fluid exit body and/or a side-to-side rocking motion in a pendulum like manner.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,073,438 (Meyer) discloses a sprinkler head having a housing with an inlet, a water distributing structure having a nozzle on one end and a cup shaped element at the opposite end which is operative in response to the tangential flow of water into the housing for effecting the orbital movement of the nozzle. There is also disclosed a disk that rotates in rolling contact with a surface within the housing for effecting the fractional rotation of the nozzle. The cup shaped element rotates about the longitudinal axis in response to the flow of water from the inlet.
A particularly useful action for a showerhead is referred to as "wobbling." The term "wobbling" may be defined as the motion of a circular member rolling on its edge along a surface following a circular path. A common example of wobbling is what occurs when a coin is spun on its edge over a smooth surface. The coin begins spinning or rotating in a vertically upright position, but as the coin

2. Description of the Related Art
A conventional printing apparatus such as a digital copying machine, a laser beam printer (LBP), a facsimile apparatus is connected to a network and printout is executed by sending documents or images from a personal computer connected to the network to the printing apparatus. The printing apparatus can be set so that when it is not manipulated and operated within a predetermined time, for example, on the operation panel, power supply is stopped to a fixing device or the like which has high power supply, and the printing apparatus transits to a sleep state (power saving mode) which is configured to suppress power consumption for the overall apparatus.
In a conventional print output system, since the conditions for shifting to power saving mode vary depending on each apparatus, comprehensive power saving management of a printing apparatus connected to a specified network has been difficult. For example, it is assumed that there are two printers connected to a plurality of personal computers, one printer is operating and the other printer is in power saving mode. When a print output signal is output from another personal computer, normally, the printer in power saving mode is operated. The image processing apparatus proposed in Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 2001-197297 determines a sleep condition for a printer, and when print output is not urgent, waits for completion of the current print job (JOB) performed by the currently operating printer. Thereafter the plurality of printing apparatuses connected to the network is controlled to execute new printing jobs.
Although the conventional technique takes the state of the printing apparatus into account, the characteristics of the printing apparatus are not considered. Thus when a plurality of printing apparatuses with mutually different characteristics are present on a network, there is the situation that overall power consumption actually increases. For example, currently, a fixing device constituting a digital copying machine employs the fixing method illustrated in FIG. 3A or the fixing method illustrated in FIG. 3B as described hereafter. The fixing method in FIG. 3A is of a roller type and the fixing method in FIG. 3B is of an on-demand type.
FIG. 13 illustrates the characteristics of the fixing device and the relationship between temperature and printing for each fixing method. FIG. 13A illustrates the characteristics of an on-demand type and a roller type. Generally, a roller type has high power consumption and a high printing speed. An on-demand type has low power consumption and a low printing speed. FIG. 13B conceptually illustrates the relationship between printing and the temperature of a fixing device in a digital copying

PG in the figure is a pressure gauge to measure a pressure in the filtering vessel 8.
When the filtering apparatus is in normal liquid filtering operation, only the valves V1 and V2 are opened with all the other open/close valves closed out of a plural number of open/close valves. Under the condition, the pump P is put in operation. The nonfiltered liquid L to be filtered is sucked into the pump P through the valve V1 and is discharged from the pump P to flow into the nonfiltered liquid chamber 83 through the check valve V7. The nonfiltered liquid L in the nonfiltered liquid chamber 83 flows into the filtered liquid chamber 84 under a discharging pressure of the pump through the precoat filtering layer 82 formed beforehand with the filter aid. At this time, the nonfiltered liquid is filtered. The filtered liquid Lxe2x80x2 flows to a predetermined location (not shown) out of the filtered liquid outlet port 841 of the filtered liquid chamber 84 and through the open/close valve V2.
The liquid in the filtering vessel 8 starts to flow back to the pump P when filtering operation is ended with stoppage of the pump P or when the pump is stopped due to an electric power outage. The flow, however, is stopped by the check valve V7, so that the liquid in the filtering vessel 8 stays in the vessel.
The precoat filtering layer 82 is formed, for example, in such a manner as follows:
The open/close valve V2 of the filtered liquid outlet line 2, the open/close valve V3 of the bypass line 3 for precoating and the sixth open/close valve V6 of the line 5 are closed, when the filtering vessel 8 is free from any liquid inside as immediately after installation of the filtering apparatus, or is cleaned and free from any liquid. On the other hand, the open/close valve V1 of the nonfiltered liquid introduction line 1 and the fifth open/close valve V5 of the line 5 are opened. Under this condition, the pump P is started, when prime water W is introduced into the filter aid addition tank t and the valve V6 is opened.
The pump P, while sucking the prime water W, begins to suck the nonfiltered liquid L. The nonfiltered liquid is thus introduced into the filtering vessel 8 this way, letting out air in the filtering vessel 8 through the precoating liquid outlet port 85 and also from the pipe 51. The filtering vessel is filled with the liquid in

Sampled metric data can be used to build performance models for analysis and capacity planning. However, less frequent sampling can result in inaccurate models and data uncertainty, especially regarding the duration of events or processes and the number of events or processes. The present invention is directed to reducing said uncertainty. Uncertainty arises from two primary sources: the unsampled segment of a seen process or event, and the unseen process or event. A seen process is a process that is sampled at least once; therefore, its existence and starting time are known. However, the residual time or utilization between the last sampling of the process or event and the death of the process or the termination of the event is unsampled and unknown. An unseen process is shorter than the sample interval and is not sampled at all, and therefore its entire utilization is unknown. Nevertheless, the total unsampled (i.e., residual) utilization and the total unseen utilization can be estimated with the system and method of the present invention.
In determining the total unsampled utilization, a quantity of process service time distributions are determined, and each of the seen processes are assigned respective process service time distributions. For each distribution, a mean residual time is calculated using equations provided by the system and method. The total unsampled utilization is the sum of the mean residual time multiplied by the number of seen processes for each distribution, all divided by the measurement interval.
In determining the total unseen utilization, first the total captured utilization is determined to be the sum of the sampled utilizations of all seen processes over the measurement interval. Next the total measured utilization, or the xe2x80x9cactualxe2x80x9d utilization over the measurement interval, is obtained from the system software or monitoring software. The difference between the total measured utilization and the total captured utilization is the uncertainty. Because the uncertainty is due to either unsampled segments or unseen events, the total unseen utilization is calculated to be the uncertainty (the total measured utilization minus the total captured utilization) minus the total unsampled utilization.
When the total measured utilization is not available, the total unseen utilization is estimated with an iterative bucket method. A matrix of buckets are created, wherein each row corresponds to the sample interval and each bucket to a gradation of the sample interval. Each process is placed into the appropriate bucket according to how many times it was sampled and when in the sample interval it began. Starting with the bucket with the longest process(es) and working iteratively back through the other buckets,

Regulatory sequences may also be useful in controlling temporal and/or spatial expression of endogenous DNA. For example, specialized tissues are involved in fertilization and seed development. Identification of promoters which are active in these seed tissues is of interest.
In grain crops of agronomic importance, seed formation is the ultimate goal of plant development. Seeds are harvested for use in food, feed, and industrial products. The quantities and proportions of protein, oil, and starch components in those seeds determine their utility and value.
The timing of seed development is critical. Environmental conditions at any point prior to fertilization through seed maturation may affect the quality and quantity of seed produced. In particular, the first 10 to 12 days after pollination (the lag phase) are critical in maize seed development. Several developmental events during the lag phase are important determinants of the fate of subsequent seed growth and development. (Cheikh, N. et al., Plant Physiology 106:45-51 (1994)) Therefore, a means to influence plant development, particularly in response to stress during this phase of growth, is of interest. Identification of a promoter sequence active in tissues of developing seeds exposed to abiotic stresses would be useful.
Specialized plant tissues are central to seed development. Following fertilization, developing seeds become sinks for carbon translocated via the phloem from sites of photosynthesis. However, developing cereal seeds have no direct vascular connections with the plant; instead, a short-distance transport mechanism operates to move the assimilates from the vascular tissues to the endosperm and embryo. For example, in maize, photosynthate enters the seed via the pedicel; in wheat, via the nucellar projection and the aleurone layer. It is possible that this short-distance assimilate pathway between the phloem and the endosperm can operate to regulate the rate of sucrose transport into the grain. (Bewley, J. D., and M. Black. Seeds: Physiology of Development and Germination. N.Y., Plenum Press, 1985. pp. 38-39) Therefore, a promoter active in gene expression within these specialized tissues, such as the pedicel, may have significant effects on grain development.
During rapid seed growth, sucrose is unloaded passively from the phloem into the apoplast of the pedicel parenchyma and inverted to hexose sugars by a cell-wall-bound acid invertase. The hydrolysis of sucrose in the apoplast maintains a favorable gradient for continued un

GLP-1 is secreted from specific cells in the colon following a meal and is a key regulator of glucose homeostasis, linking the gut, brain and pancreas. GLP-1 potentiates insulin secretion, reduces glucagon secretion and preserves 3-cell function whilst also improving satiety. Levels of post-prandial GLP-1 are reduced in Type 2 diabetics and dramatically elevated following gastric by-pass surgery, contributing to the amelioration of Type 2 diabetes in these patients. Approaches that prolong the half-life of GLP-1 (JANUVIA (Merck), GALVUS (Novartis)) or activate the GLP-1 receptor (BYETTA (Amylin)) have been recently approved for use in Type 2 diabetes.
Hyperinsulinemia in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus results from peripheral insulin resistance, coupled with inadequate pancreatic insulin secretion and elevated glucagon levels. There is a strong correlation between obesity and peripheral insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. Accumulation of free fatty acids in insulin responsive tissues other than fat (i.e. muscle and liver) results in tissue insulin resistance. Additionally, free fatty acids have a direct effect on the pancreas and in the colon and further stimulate glucose-dependent insulin secretion and GLP-1 release with acute exposure whereas chronic exposure of free fatty acids impairs insulin secretion and becomes toxic to the 3-cell. In the liver, hyperinsulinemia per se has been linked to exacerbating insulin resistance by increasing liver fatty acid accumulation and hepatic glucose output creating a vicious cycle of disease progression. Current therapeutic strategies only partially address the complex pathology of free fatty acids in the exacerbation of diabetes. Agents that target both liver and pancreas function, directly or indirectly via GLP-1 release, either individually or in combination with current treatment, could significantly improve blood glucose control while maintaining β-cell function. Agents that potentiate GLP-1 release also have the ability to reduce weight, providing additional benefits.
GPR120 is a seven transmembrane g-protein coupled receptor (GPCR) that is predominantly expressed in the intestine and adipose. GPR120 functions as a receptor for long chain free fatty acids (FFAs). Acute FFA stimulation of GPR120 in GLP-1 expressing cell-lines amplifies GLP-1 release. Administration of α-linolenic acid into the colon of mice increases GLP-1 and potentiates insulin release following a glucose challenge. In contrast to agonists of GPR40, the existing literature suggests

The present invention generally relates to a signal processing circuit for slicing binary signals in a receiver. More particularly, the present invention relates to a signal processing circuit that generates an adaptive slicer threshold by using either average amplitude data of both binary ones and binary zeros, or minimum amplitude data of a binary one and maximum amplitude data of a binary zero.
2. Discussion of the Related Art
Data communication using binary signals takes place at high rates in various applications. For example, in optical data systems, data transmission rates of 10 gigabits/second (Gb/s) and higher are utilized. In such binary data communication systems, a receiver is used for receiving the binary signals from a transmitter. In many cases, the signals received are of a low level and are accompanied by noise and/or jitter (see FIG. 2). The true binary nature of a distinct rectangular pulse, usually designating a binary one, sometimes can be partly obscured by noise, and result in data errors that adversely affect signal processing equipment to which the output of the receiver is applied.
To improve the ability to accurately recapture the binary signals passing through the receiver before being supplied to other equipment, a slicing technique is employed. This technique involves slicing the received binary signal at a level about the midpoint of its amplitude, that is, between its maximum and minimum values. The portion of the received binary signal appearing above the slicing level corresponds to a binary one and the portion below the slicing level corresponds to a binary zero (see FIG. 1 and FIG. 2).
In one type of prior art slicer circuit, the slicer threshold is fixed at a certain voltage level. A variable offset voltage is combined with the voltage level of the received binary signal to maintain the midpoint of the binary signal that is applied to the slicer at the fixed slicer threshold. However, adjusting the received binary signal to maintain the midpoint of the binary signal at a fixed level adds complexity to a system.
In another type of prior art slicer circuit, the slicer threshold is varied so as to be at the midpoint of the amplitude of the binary signal, wherein the midpoint is calculated to be the average of the maximum and minimum values of the received binary signal. However, the midpoint that is calculated using the maximum and minimum values of the received binary signal is the midpoint between the outer edges of the data eye 100, 200 (see FIG. 1 and FIG. 2). The data eye 100, 200 is a plot of

2. The Prior Art
It has been known that the cervical mucus of a female has a maximum fluidity just before ovulation, where ovulation is defined as the moment that an ovum is released from the follicle. This knowledge lead to the applicant's previous activities in the development of techniques for monitoring the viscoelasticity, or tackiness, and other properties of cervical mucus as a predictor of time of ovulation and to improvements in rheometer or viscometer apparatus for measuring such viscoelastic properties. See, for example, L. E. Kopita and H. J. Kosasky, "The Tackiness Rheometer Determination of the Viscoelasticity of Cervical Mucus," Human Ovulation, edited by E. S. E. Hafez, Elsevier, North-Holland Biomedical Press, 1979, pp. 351 et seq., and U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,002,056 and 4,167,110. Though the viscoelasticity of the cervical mucus has several small dips in its characteristic curve of viscosity versus time preceding, during, and following ovulation (a four-day period), there is a distinct identifiable minimum viscoelasticity. Instruments designed to measure this effect are described in, for example, U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,002,056 and 4,072,045.
Saliva is now known to undergo chemical changes during the menstrual cycle, including a change in its viscoelasticity. Especially pronounced is the change in viscoelasticity of sublingual saliva, the saliva found under the tongue. See, for example, S. S. Davis, "Saliva is Viscoelastic", Experientia, 26:1298, (1970), and R. H. Davis et al., "Saliva Viscosity Reflects the Time of Ovulation", Experientia, 30:911, (1974). As described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,779,627, issued on Oct. 25, 1988 to the present applicant, and entitled PROCESS AND APPARATUS FOR DETERMINING FEMALE OVULATION TIME BY MEASUREMENT OF SALIVA VISCOELASTICITY, incorporated herein by reference, the applicant previously discovered that sublingual saliva has a unique and reliably measurable minimum in viscoelasticity that is coincident with the ovulation cycle and its surge of estradiol.


Meanwhile, an encoder is an operating circuit for receiving source data d(X) and generating a code word of a regulated form. The code word has k source data symbols and (n-k) parity symbols among a total of n symbols. The source data d(X) is data of the unit of k symbols supplied to the encoder from a signal source, and if the source data d(X) is determined, the parity is generated by a generator polynomial. In the case of C3 of the DDS format, since n=46 and k=44, two parities are produced and the generator polynomial g(X) is as follows: ##EQU1##
The generator polynomial g(X) is an important expression for generating the parity in an encoding process, and a key for correcting an error as well as checking whether an error is generated in received data in a decoding process.
In the DDS format, the recorded and reproduced data is processed by the unit of a group. As shown in FIG. 1, one group consists of 22 frames and a 23rd frame is an ECC frame for recording a parity with respect to the 22 frames. One frame of a DAT has two tracks of positive (+) and negative (-) azimuths, and the data allocation of a main region in one frame is shown in FIG.2.
In the case of the DAT, there is data of 5760 bytes while a drum is rotating once, i.e., during 30 msec, and a sampling frequency thereof is 48 KHz. As shown in FIG.2, the total number of data produced in one frame of the tape is 5824 bytes (1456 words). Moreover, a word number 0 is called a header and the ECC processing for the header is not performed. In addition, 64 bytes (word numbers 1440 to 1455) obtained by subtracting 5760 bytes generated during one rotation of a drum from 5824 bytes of the total number of data in one frame are filled with "0's". On the other hand, C3 (46,44) performs encoding with respect to 5756 bytes except for the header among 5760 bytes generated during each 30 msec period. Through the ECC process, even if there is an error in one frame among 22 frames in one group when reproducing data, it is possible to correct the error. That is, if an error occurs in one symbol out of 44 symbols of the source data d(X), the error can be detected and corrected. However,

Approaches that are more consistent with the teachings of this invention attempt to reduce the intersymbol interference at or near the receiver, or intermediate the transmitter and the receiver. Essentially any medium capable of providing a sufficient dispersion opposite to that of the optical fiber can serve as an optical pulse equalizer. For example it is known to use a special optical fiber having an equal chromatic dispersion at a required operating wavelength but opposite in sign to that of the transmitting fiber. Other methods include the use of fiber Bragg gratings as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,909,295 in the name of Li et al., and disclosed by Shigematsu et al., in U.S. Pat. No. 5,701,188 assigned to Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd., and the use of planar lightwave circuit (PLC) delay equalizers. Unfortunately, special compensating fiber has a high insertion loss and in many applications is not a preferable choice. Fiber gratings are generally not preferred for some field applications due to their narrow bandwidth, and fixed wavelength. PLCs are also narrow band, although tunable devices; fabricating a PLC with large dispersion equalization remains to be difficult. Shigematsu et al. disclose a hybrid of both of these less preferred choices; dispersion compensating fibre with chirped Bragg gratings.
The exact amount of dispersion compensation required for a particular installed fiber link may not be known, and may vary with wavelength or environmental conditions such as temperature. Therefore, it is desirable to have a device capable of providing a tunable amount of dispersion compensation, to simplify installation and to provide real-time control of dispersion.
In a paper entitled xe2x80x9cOptical Equalization to Combat the Effects of Laser Chirp and Fiber Dispersionxe2x80x9d published in the Journal of Lightwave Technology. Vol. 8, No. 5, May 1990, Cimini L. J. et al. describe an optical equalizer capable of combating the effects of laser chirp and fiber chromatic dispersion on high-speed long-haul fiber-optic communications links at 1.55 xcexcm. Also discussed is a control scheme for adaptively positioning the equalizer response frequency. Cimini et al. describe a device having only one common input/output port at a first partially reflective mirror and a second 100% reflective mirror together forming a cavity. The control scheme described attempts to track signal wavelength by obtaining feedback from a receiver. The amplitude

Display devices capable of detecting an inputting object such as a finger and a touch pen (also called a stylus) approaching or contacting the screen have been widely employed. The operation of allowing the inputting object to approach or contact the screen is called a touch operation or a touch, and the detection of a position of the inputting object is called touch detection. Examples of the touch detection include various types such as an optical type, a resistive type, a capacitive type, and an electromagnetic induction type. The capacitive type is the detection type utilizing a feature that the electrostatic capacitance between a pair of electrodes (called a drive electrode and a detection electrode) is varied by approach or contact of the inputting object, and has benefits that the structure is comparatively simple and that the power consumption is small.
The display device equipped with the touch detection function includes an on-cell type (also called an external type) in which the display device and the touch panel implementing the touch function are produced separately and the touch panel is bonded to the screen of the display device, and an in-cell type (also called a built-in type) in which the display device and the touch panel are integrated. In the in-cell type display device, for example, the detection electrode is formed between a color filter and a polarizer, and a common electrode formed on a thin film transistor (TFT) substrate is also used as a drive electrode. Since the in-cell type display device includes no external touch panel, the display device is entirely slim and lightweight, and visibility of the display is also improved. In the in-cell type display device, however, the display period and the touch detection period need to be set separately and achievement of both the display drive and the touch detection is a problem to be solved.
Recently, touch panel-equipped display devices have increased in size. For example, elongated display devices have been developed similarly to center information display (CID) units provided on dashboards of vehicles to function as display devices for displaying road guidance information, and the like in a car navigation system. The CID unit displays gauges such as a speedometer, a tachometer, a fuel gauge, a water temperature gauge, and a range finder, and the information similar to the gauges, in addition to the road guidance information.
An in-cell type display device includes a number of wiring layers, much parasitic capacitance and much parasitic resistance, a large time constant of CR, and the drive electrode can hardly be driven

A known procedure for treating vertebral compression fractures and other bone-related disorders is vertebral augmentation with bone cement. Vertebral augmentation can be performed by the direct-injection of liquid cement into the collapsed vertebral body (commonly known as “vertebroplasty”). Vertebral augmentation can also be performed after the restoration of the vertebrae to near normal vertebral body anatomy and creation of an internal cavity with the use of an inflatable bone tamp. This minimally invasive procedure is commonly known as “kyphoplasty” (see, for example, U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,969,888 and 5,108,404). During the kyphoplasty procedure, the inflatable bone tamp is inserted through a small skin incision which accommodates a working tube passed into the vertebral body. Inflation of the bone tamp compresses the cancellous bone and desirably moves the fractured cortical bone to its pre-fractured orientation, creating a cavity within the vertebral body that can then be filled with a settable material such as a cement or any number of synthetic bone substitutes. In effect, the procedure sets the vertebral body at or near its pre-fracture position and creates an internal cast, protecting the vertebral body from further fracture and/or collapse.
As compared to a traditional vertebroplasty procedure, kyphoplasty restores the vertebrae to a pre-fractured condition and the injected bone filler is less likely to leak out of the vertebral body during a kyphoplasty procedure. However, under some circumstances, it has been observed that unpredictable reductions can occur with the kyphoplasty technique in chronic or partially healed collapsed vertebral bodies. Under those circumstances, the surgeon would typically resort to a large, open operation to re-align any post-traumatic kyphosis. Further, inadequate reductions can occur with certain other spinal deformities such as scoliosis and kyphosis using the known techniques and surgical tools. The large, open operations can carry with them significant morbidity in an already physiologically compromised elderly population. The principle benefit of a percutaneous minimally invasive approach, which is the hallmark of the kyphoplasty procedure, is the minimal morbidity associated with the procedure. In this light, additional tools are required to further the kyphoplasty technique, achieve better anatomic re-alignment of the spine, and maintain the minimally invasive nature of the surgery. The additional tools will be deployed through small working portals and be able to achieve the desired strategic vertebral osteotomies to move bone in three dimensional space. One such desirable tool would

Multiple-input and multiple-output (MIMO) requires the use of multiple antennas at both the transmitter and receiver. The signals from the antennas are combined to minimize errors and optimize data speed, providing better range and performance. However, the use of multiple inputs and outputs requires a device to utilize the same radio spectrum frequency. The United States presently uses the GSM-850 and GSM-1900 radio spectrum frequencies for cellular transmissions. GSM-850 uses 824-849 MHz for uplink and 869-894 MHz for downlink, providing channel numbers 128-251. GSM-1900 uses 1850-1910 MHz to uplink and 1930-1990 MHz to downlink, providing channel numbers 512-818. The MIMO concept defined in Third Generation Partnership Project Revision 7 (3GPP R7) and Revision 8 (MIMO R8), incorporated by reference herein in their entirety into this disclosure, requires the use of the same radio spectrum frequency for both transmission paths. These frequencies and antennas are used in spatial multiplexing or transmission diversity mode according to radio conditions. This allows for multiple simultaneous data streams, thereby increasing the data transmission rate.
MIMO R8 also requires twice the amount of antennas at both the transmitter and the receiver locations, even though the transmission takes place across a single frequency band. This creates interference in the signal, which decreases the actual gain in bandwidth created by MIMO R8. The additional signal used in MIMO R8 is another two-way transmit path. Although MIMO R8 can have up to four transmit paths, the uplink bandwidth is still equivalent to the downlink bandwidth, because each additional transmit path adds a duplex channel.
Demanding data services for individual users can exceed the capabilities of a single frequency carrier and/or radio path for a variety of transmission technologies. In this case, the capacity of multiple bi-directional frequency carriers and/or radio paths are combined, or “bonded” for the single demanding user. Multiple pre-existing bi-directional transmission pairs are allocated to the demanding user and traffic is spread across them. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) recently auctioned the 700 MHz frequency spectrum. AWS-700 uses 776-794 MHz for uplink and 746-764 MHz for downlink.
As is, these transmission techniques offer useful means to boost individual peak throughput within the capabilities of the available transmission technology. However, bi-directional frequency carriers and/or radio paths, and the equipment required to use

The devices envisaged by the present invention are those which comprise a semi cylindrical block intended to be applied with its non-arcuate face against the sample to be studied, a transducer-emitter of ultrasonic waves, a transducer-receiver, the axes of the emitter and receiver being located in a common plane normal to the axis of the semi cylindrical block, and the emitter and receiver each being carried by a slide which is symmetrically movable on the arcuate surface of said block, means for entrainment of both transducers, and means for measuring the angle which they form between them.
This apparatus is based on a method which includes emitting a beam of ultrasonic waves and appropriately directing the beam so as to produce surface waves on the material to be studied.
Detection and measurement are effected on the beam reflected by the sample surface on which the control operates. This method enables determination on the value of the speed of propagation of the Rayleigh waves on the surface of a solid by measurement of the angle of incidence of the ultrasonic beam causing the production of these surface waves. This theory is particularly developed in the works of G. Bradfield, to which reference will be made for further information, particularly to the article entitled "The ultrasonic goniometer and its applications" in the February issue, 1968, of the periodical "Non-Destructive Testing" and to British Pat. Nos. 959.029 and 772.083.
In the present case, the principle involves taking into account the fact that the speed of propagation of these surface waves is affected by the presence of a layer obtained, particularly on steel, by a thermal treatment, and in particular this variation in speed depends on the value of the thickness of said layer.
A generator delivers the electrical signals necessary to supply the transducer-emitter. The ultrasonic waves may be generated either in the form of short-duration pulses or in wave trains of regulable length; in both cases, various frequencies may be used.
The measurement assembly enables observation and analysis of the signals received by the transducer-receiver. This assembly, made up principally of an oscilloscope, may be accompanied by a recording instrument. In known devices of the type in question, the mechanical connection ensuring symmetrical movements of both transducers comprises a fairly large number of toothed sprockets and pinions, and sliding cardan-jointed shafts, rendering the assembly relatively complicated and liable to have a degree of operational play the elimination of which would make the apparatus even more complex.
One of

(6) In an image transfer step, the roller is to be efficiency in removal of paper dust.
For the techniques in which toner scraped off from the surface of an image-forming member by a cleaning means such as a cleaning blade and an elastic roller is collected by the above-mentioned elastic roller, there are some proposals therefor such as those disclosed in Japanese Patent Publication Open to Public Inspection (hereinafter referred to as JP OPI Publication) Nos. 60-107675/1985, 61-67073/1986 and 1-267679/1989. Wherein an elastic roller comprising a foamed material such as urethane rubber, chloroprene rubber, silicone rubber and sponge is served as both a cleaning means together with a cleaning blade and a toner guide roller, such elastic roller is rotated by bringing it into pressure contact with an image-forming member so that cleaned up toner scraped off by the cleaning means is made adhered to the guide roller and is then transported by the guide roller to a toner collection unit.
The above-mentioned foamed material such as sponge herein means that it has a pore size of not smaller than 100 .mu.m and it is quite different in itself from the open-cell cellular materials of the invention.
However, the guide rollers described in the above-mentioned patent publications cannot satisfy all the requirements (1) through (6). In the present state where a high-speed operation and a high image quality are recently demanded on copying machines, most of the above-mentioned requirements have not been satisfied and the improvements of the guide roller have also been urgently needed.
For example, Japanese Utility Model Publication Open to Public Inspection No. 57-172470/1982 proposes for an elastic roller having at least the surface comprising an open-cell cellular material to serve as a cleaning means in place of the above-mentioned cleaning blade for a copying machine. Wherein cleaned up toner is collected by a suction fan.
The elastic roller described therein is strictly a cleaning means for an image-forming member and remaining toner is required to be scraped off at a high rotation speed. It is therefore difficult to select a peculiar cellular material to meet the requirement. There are some problems that the size of a cleaning unit becomes remarkably larger than in the other image-forming apparatuses, that a noise is produced and that a cleaning effect becomes more unsatisfactory than in a cleaning blade.
It is an object of the invention to provide a toner guide roller by which toner scraped off by a cleaning blade

As population and cities incessantly grow, and spare land for green area is harder and harder to find. Ordinary people living in a jungle of concrete buildings can only make use of a small space for planting some trees, flowers or green lawn for enjoying and observation, cultivating some lawn on a rooftop or arranging some pot flowers and evergreens, etc. in a house. However, those pot flowers or lawns on rooftops have the following disadvantages and inconveniences.
1. In planting lawns a layer of non-woven cloth is laid on the ground, or a layer of hollow bricks is laid under the layer of non-woven cloth additionally. Then soil is placed on the non-woven cloth for cultivating lawn or flowers in the soil, but this kind of planting is rather suitable for a large area, not suitable for a small room in a house or a small space of outer empty land around a house.
2. As soil is to be brought into a house and laid on a non-woven cloth, it may smear some places in a house during carrying the soil, involving cleaning work of scattered soil.
3. Common lawn is in advance already cultivated and then transplanted to where it is needed, so after the lawn is finished planting, it is not easy to change or supplement other flowers
4. Soil for lawn or green grass cannot hold water always enough, so it has to be watered regularly, resulting in psychological and bodily burden to a person.
A main objective of the invention is to offer a combinable planting plate consisting of a base, a support plate and a planting layer. The base has a plurality of cup-shaped chambers for storing water, or cone-shaped projections to store water in the spaces among the cone-shaped projections. The base has a plurality of projecting square rings and projecting combining studs formed on a circumferential edge for combining more than two bases to increase a planting area. Further, a support plate or a flat net plate is combined on the base, having a plurality of cone-shaped cups with water-absorbing material contained therein for adjusting water volume. The support plate has a circumferential short wall for placing a planting layer in the space surrounded by the wall. Then lawn, green grass or flowers may be planted in the planting layer according to a person"" liking,
Another objective of the invention is to offer a combinable planting plate provided with a support plate, which has a plurality of cone-shaped projections and water-absor

A more specific object of the present invention is to provide a toner free from toner melt-sticking onto the latent image-bearing member in a low humidity environment.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a toner free from xe2x80x9crougheningxe2x80x9d of halftone images in a low humidity environment.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a toner free from toner blot-down even after storage in a high temperature environment or during continuous image formation on a large number of sheets.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a toner free from fog even in continuous formation of images with a low percentage of color image on a large number of sheets in a low humidity environment.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a toner free from toner melt-sticking onto the latent image-bearing member even in continuous formation of images with a high percentage of color image in a low humidity environment.
A further object of the present invention is to provide a toner free from re-transfer of toner images.
A further object of the present invention is to provide a toner free from image quality lowering depending on the quality and state of the recording material.
A still further object of the present invention is to provide a process for producing such a toner, and an image forming method and an image forming apparatus using such a toner as described above.
According to the present invention, there is provided a toner, comprising: toner particles, and external additives blended with the toner particles and including (1) first inorganic fine particles having an average primary particle size of 80-800 nm of oxide of a metal selected from the group consisting of titanium, aluminum, zinc and zirconium, (2) second inorganic fine particles other than silica having an average primary particle size of below 80 nm and (3) silica fine particles having an average primary particle size of below 30 nm.
According to another aspect of the present invention, there is provided a process for producing a toner, comprising:
a first blending step of blending and dispersing toner particles containing at least a binder resin and a colorant, and first inorganic fine particles to form a toner precursor, and
a second blending step of blending and dispersing the toner precursor, and second inorganic fine particles and silica fine particles; wherein
the first inorganic fine particles have an average primary particle size of 80-800 nm and comprise an oxide of a metal selected from the group consisting of titanium, aluminum, zinc and zircon

Previously, the use of the vegI promoter alone in B. subtilis has not been described--the use of the veg(comprising the vegI and vegII promoters) (see for example U.S. Pat. No. 4,783,405; U.S. Pat. No. 4,710,464; U.S. Pat. No. 4,559,300) and vegII (see for example Le Grice, F. J., 1990, Methods Enzymol., 185: 201-214) promoters in heterologous protein expression has been described. As a result of the isolation and purification of an unexpected vegI mutant occurring at very low levels (a total of five B. subtilis transformants were found to harbour plasmid DNA containing the mutant vegI promoter in a transformation in which about 300 .mu.g of DNA was used), it has now been found that a B. subtilis endonuclease activity appears to act upon the vegI promoter, causing digestion and subsequent exonuclease digestion of the promoter. The present inventors have succeeded in isolating the putative vegI promoter B. subtilis endonuclease restriction site, allowing the modification of the palindromic restriction site to protect against B. subtilis endonuclease activity and allow the use of the modified vegI promoter. One particular modified vegI promoter is described below but other modifications may be readily made to the vegI promoter to protect against the endonuclease activity whilst still retaining the promoter functionality. This allows the use of the vegI promoter alone with B. subtilis, not previously suggested by the prior art. The identification of the palindromic endonuclease restriction site is particularly surprising since it is an octameric sequence, whereas most endonuclease restriction sites are hexamers.
According to the present invention there is provided an endonuclease-protected vegI promoter, and particularly a B. subtilis endonuclease-protected vegI promoter.
The present inventors have found that the octameric sequence of SEQ ID NO: 20, which forms part of the -10 region of the vegI promoter, is a B. subtilis endonuclease restriction site, meaning that constructs containing the vegI promoter undergo endonuclease (and subsequently, exonuclease) digestion when transformed into B. subtilis. This in turn results in the construct failing to express any coding

2. Description of the Background Art
A digital still camera, for example, includes an imaging device implemented as a CCD image sensor. A color filter for separating an R (red), a G (green) and a B (blue) color component pixel by pixel is fitted on the image sensor. Various kinds of color filters are known in the art and include a G stripe, R/B full checker color filter. Considering the noticeable influence of G component signals on resolution, the G stripe, R/B full checker color filter has R filter components, G filter components and B filter components arranged such that a number of G component signals can be detected. For example, the filter components are arranged in a repetitive GRGB pattern. In addition, the filter components are arranged such that the G filter components form vertical stripes while the R filter components and B filter components alternate with each other in the vertical direction. In this condition, the R filter components and B filter components each forms a checker pattern.
An image signal processing device for converting the R, G and B color components output from the above image sensor to luminance signals Y and chrominance signals R-Y and B-Y is conventional. It has been customary with this conventional image signal processing device to determine a luminance signal YL, a component YH of the luminance signal YL lying in a high frequency range and chrominance signals R-Y and B-Y for each pixel by using the color component signals of, e.g., a 2 (vertical)×2 (horizontal) pixel matrix including the pixel under observation. Specifically, when the 2×2 pixel matrix including a pixel whose luminance signal should be determined consists of four color component signals R, G1, G2 and B, the luminance signal YL is determined by use of a formula 0.3R+0.295(G1+G2)+0.11B.
Further, the component YH lying in a high frequency range is produced by a formula (G1+G2)/2 if the color component signal of the pixel whose luminance signal should be determined is a G component signal, or by a formula (R+B)/2 if it is an R or a B component signal. The component YH is subtracted from the luminance signal YL. The resulting difference is passed through a low pass filter to turn out a luminance signal YL1 which is a low frequency component. The component YH is added to the luminance signal YL1 so as to output

Pipe: A portion of memory which is coupled to the output of one process as well as to the input of another process, and allows the process to pass information along to the other process.
Pipeline: A structure comprising multiple sequential stages through which a computation flows as time progresses, wherein at any given time a new operation may be initiated at a starting stage (the start of the pipeline) while one or more other (earlier initiated) operations are in progress and thus at later stages (in the middlexe2x80x94moving toward the end) of the pipeline).
Pour: To send a file or output from a program to another file or to a device using a pipe.
The present invention is provided to improve upon storage subsystems. More specifically, the present invention may be provided to improve upon interfacing subsystems for interfacing a storage media controller to a media access channel which couples the storage media controller to a read/write assembly for writing information to and reading information from the storage media. More specifically, the present invention may improve upon read channel interfacing subsystems which interface a disk controller to the read channel which couples the disk controller to a head disk assembly. In order to achieve these objects, one or more aspects of the present invention may be followed in order to bring about one or more specific objects and advantages, such as those noted below.
The present invention, therefore, is directed to a system or method, or one or more components thereof, involving a non-volatile storage subsystem comprising a media I/O controller, a media access channel, and movable storage media. More specifically, the present invention is directed to a non-volatile disk storage subsystem having a read channel coupling a disk controller to a disk head assembly. A read channel interfacing subsystem is provided as part of the storage subsystem, and the read channel interfacing subsystem interfaces a disk controller to the read channel. The read channel interfacing subsystem comprises a set of process units and a pipeline manager. The set of process units includes first, second and third subsets. The first subset is utilized when a disk read operation is carried out via the read channel. The second subset is utilized when a disk write operation is carried out via the read channel. The third subset is utilized when a disk compare operation is carried out via the read channel. Each process unit comprises mechanisms for entering an idle state and for carrying out an operational state flow. The pipeline manager, for each one of the disk read, disk write and disk compare operations, enables and dis

Lap siding is a common type of siding for buildings. Lap siding refers generally to siding in which multiple pieces of siding are attached to the building in a partially overlapping fashion. More specifically, a first piece is attached at the lower extent of the face of the building to be sided and then additional pieces are attached above it, with each additional piece at least partially overlapping the piece below it. The distance from the bottom of a piece to the bottom of the piece above it is referred to as a xe2x80x9creveal.xe2x80x9d A reveal may also be defined as the height of the siding piece less the amount of overlap by the piece installed above it, or more simply, the vertical or generally vertical portion of each siding piece that is seen after installation is complete. Mechanical fastening of siding pieces to the face of a building is most commonly achieved through the use of a pneumatic nail gun or similar device that may be operated with one hand.
A challenge when installing lap siding is to create uniform and level reveals, while at the same time addressing the occasional need to intentionally vary reveal sizes by incremental units to correct for any number of construction variances, such as if the ends of a building vary slightly in height or a window has been installed out-of-level. Another challenge is the ability to hold a siding piece properly and firmly to prevent slippage during mechanical fastening. Further, siding installers face the constant challenge of having to carry and use many individual tools, such as a level, straight edge for marking lines, hammer, tape measure, etc., which tends to be cumbersome and hazardous, particularly when working on scaffolding.
One common installation method used to achieve the desired reveals described above is to manually mark lines at taped intervals at each end of a previously fastened siding piece. The next siding piece to be installed is then aligned visually and hand-held during mechanical fastening. A disadvantage of this method is the added installation time required to measure and mark lines for each siding piece. In addition, measurements and markings of lines, as well as visual alignment of siding pieces to said lines, can vary from person to person, from one end of the piece to the other, and from piece to piece, thus introducing cumulative errors of scale and human error resulting in non-uniform reveals and siding pieces installed out of level. Furthermore, this method requires the installer to hand-position and hold each piece of s

Shielding gas is directed from a diffuser in. the cylindrical assembly into a chamber defined by an outer nozzle through the nozzle into the area around the contact tip so the shielding gas forms a protective layer between the molten metal of the welding operation and atmosphere. All of these requirements of a torch require complex machined components at the end of the torch which substantially increases the cost and adversely affects the operability of the torch during the welding operation. Furthermore, the welding operation itself creates spatter, especially during short circuit conditions so the forward end of the torch including the contact tip and diffuser is subject to substantial deterioration over time caused by spatter together with the tremendous arc temperature involved in the welding operation.
Shielding gas is directed into the welding operation from diffuser orifices circumferentially spaced around the torch and directed ultimately to the contact tip at the welding operation. Consequently, torches have diffuser orifices for shielding gas; however, these orifices must be oriented to prevent unwanted cavitation. It has been found that these orifices should be as close as possible to the welding operation. Such closeness drastically increases the tendency for spatter to affect the laminar flow of shielding gas from the diffuser orifices.
Robotic assemblies are commonly used with welding guns. Previously, when robotic gun assemblies were dismantled, the down time was extensive because there was no quick and easy means to precisely reassemble the robotic gun. A previous example of a keyed alignment system for a welding torch used with a robotic gun assembly is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 5,451,117. A mounting arm which provides for various methods of changing position of the welding gun with respect to the robotic arm and the position of the gun with respect to its housing as well as providing easy disassembly of the gun from the robotic arm is described in co-pending application Ser. No. 11/178,819, filed on Jul. 11, 2005. Hex end structures for the torch end and welding wire feeder and are shown and described in co-pending application Ser. No. 11/268,085, filed on Nov. 7, 2005.
Furthermore, a welding gun which allows for various positions of the forward end and rear end of the gun is needed without complete disassembly of the gun. Accordingly, it is considered desirable to provide a welding gun which allows various positions of the welding gun with respect to the robotic assembly and with respect to the handle without completely disassembling either the gun

The kinases comprise the largest known protein group, a superfamily of enzymes with widely varied functions and specificities. They are usually named after their substrate, their regulatory molecules, or some aspect of a mutant phenotype. With regard to substrates, the protein kinases may be roughly divided into two groups; those that phosphorylate tyrosine residues (protein tyrosine kinases, PTK) and those that phosphorylate serine or threonine residues (serine/threonine kinases, STK). A few protein kinases have dual specificity and phosphorylate threonine and tyrosine residues. Almost all kinases contain a similar 250-300 amino acid catalytic domain. The N-terminal domain, which contains subdomains I-IV, generally folds into a two-lobed structure, which binds and orients the ATP (or GTP) donor molecule. The larger C terminal lobe, which contains subdomains VI A-XI, binds the protein substrate and carries out the transfer of the gamma phosphate from ATP to the hydroxyl group of a serine, threonine, or tyrosine residue. Subdomain V spans the two lobes.
The kinases may be categorized into families by the different amino acid sequences (generally between 5 and 100 residues) located on either side of, or inserted into loops of, the kinase domain. These added amino acid sequences allow the regulation of each kinase as it recognizes and interacts with its target protein. The primary structure of the kinase domains is conserved and can be further subdivided into 11 subdomains. Each of the 11 subdomains contains specific residues and motifs or patterns of amino acids that are characteristic of that subdomain and are highly conserved (Hardie, G. and Hanks, S. (1995) The Protein Kinase Facts Books, Vol 1:7-20 Academic Press, San Diego, Calif.).
The second messenger dependent protein kinases primarily mediate the effects of second messengers such as cyclic AMP (cAMP), cyclic GMP, inositol triphosphate, phosphatidylinositol, 3,4,5-triphosphate, cyclic-ADPribose, arachidonic acid, diacylglycerol and calcium-calmodulin. The cyclic-AMP dependent protein kinases (PKA) are important members of the STK family. Cyclic-AMP is an intracellular mediator of hormone action in all prokaryotic and animal cells that have been studied. Such hormone-induced cellular responses include thyroid hormone secretion, cortisol secretion, progesterone secretion, glycogen breakdown, bone resorption, and regulation of heart rate and force of heart muscle contraction.

According to the first aspect, the present invention relates to an inside pad for a helmet, comprising at least one thick platelike cushion member and a bag-like member covering the cushion member like a bag, wherein the bag-like member has a bag main body with an opening, through which the cushion member can be taken out of and accommodated in the bag main body, in one surface thereof, and at least one thin platelike holding member having flexibility at least partly and covering the opening at least partly, the holding member being attached to the bag main body. In this case, the holding member has a thickness of preferably 0.3 mm to 2.5 mm, and more preferably 0.5 mm to 1.8 mm.
According to the first embodiment of the first aspect, the holding member comprises a plurality of holding members, and the plurality of holding members are detachably connected to each other through a connecting mechanism.
According to the second embodiment of the first aspect, the connecting mechanism comprises a recess-projection engaging mechanism with an engaged projection and an engaging hole detachably engageable with the engaged projection, the engaged projection being formed on one certain holding member of the plurality of holding members, and the engaging hole detachably engageable with the engaged projection being formed in another holding member of the plurality of holding members.
According to the third embodiment of the first aspect, the engaging hole is a notched engaging hole.
According to the fourth embodiment of the first aspect, the engaged projection is a male hook.
According to the fifth embodiment of the first aspect, at least one portion of a periphery of the holding member is attached to the bag main body at least at one portion of a periphery of the opening.
According to the sixth embodiment of the first aspect, at least one of the holding members is attached to the bag main body so as to be turnable inside out from one surface to the other surface of the bag main body.
According to the seventh embodiment of the first aspect, the holding member comprises an inner holding member and an outer holding member that are partly overlaid on each other, the engaged projection is formed on the inner holding member, and the engaging hole is formed in the outer holding member.
According to the eighth embodiment of the first aspect, each of the cushion member, the bag-like member, the inner holding member and the outer holding member has a substantially forked shape.
According to the ninth embodiment of the first aspect, the inner holding member is attached to the bag main body

A typical medicament dispenser includes a body defining a storage chamber, a fill opening in fluid communication with the body, and a stopper or cap for sealing the fill opening after filling the storage chamber to hermetically seal the medicament within the dispenser. In order to fill such prior art dispensers with a sterile fluid or other substance, such as a medicament, it is typically necessary to sterilize the unassembled components of the dispenser, such as by autoclaving the components and/or exposing the components to gamma radiation. The sterilized components then must be filled and assembled in an aseptic isolator of a sterile filling machine. In some cases, the sterilized components are contained within multiple sealed bags or other sterile enclosures for transportation to the sterile filling machine. In other cases, the sterilization equipment is located within the isolator of the sterile filling machine. In the isolator, the storage chamber is filled with the fluid or other substance, and then the sterilized stopper is assembled to the dispenser to plug the fill opening and hermetically seal the fluid or other substance in the dispenser.
One of the drawbacks of such prior art dispensers, and processes and equipment for filling such dispensers, is that the filling process is time consuming, and the processes and equipment are expensive. Further, the relatively complex nature of the filling processes and equipment can lead to more defectively filled dispensers than otherwise desired.
The present inventor has recognized the advantages of sterilizing a sealed, empty dispenser, and then filling the sterilized, sealed, empty dispenser under a laminar flow to maintain aseptic conditions during filling. For example, co-pending U.S. patent application Ser. No. 09/781,846, filed Nov. 25, 2002, entitled “Medicament Vial Having a Heat-Sealable Cap, and Apparatus and Method for Filling the Vial”, and U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/442,526, filed Jan. 28, 2003, entitled “Medicament Vial Having A Heat-Sealable Cap, And Apparatus And Method For Filling The Vial”, each of which is assigned to the Assignee of the present invention and is hereby expressly incorporated by reference as part of the present disclosure, disclose a vial including a resealable stopper. The resealable stopper is first sealed to the empty vial, and then the empty

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention generally relates to bicycles. More particularly, the present invention relates to a system configured to reduce vibrations transmitted to a rider of the bicycle.
2. Description of the Related Art
Bicycle riding and racing often take place on less than ideal terrain conditions. For example, bicycle touring and racing may often take place on country roads, which may be unpaved or where the pavement may be rough and irregular, even when new. In more populated areas, a significant portion of paved roads may be damaged and in need of repair. When traversed by the bicycle, these irregular surfaces transmit vibrations to the bicycle. Furthermore, the surface of even relatively new pavement, while acceptable for motor vehicles, may be rough enough to transmit significant vibration to a bicycle. Accordingly, most bicyclists spend at least a significant portion of their riding time traversing rough or irregular surfaces. Vibrations induced by such terrain, if not sufficiently dampened, may be transmitted to the rider of the bicycle. When transmitted to the rider, these vibrations often cause discomfort and fatigue.
Several methods for damping terrain-induced vibrations have been utilized. For example, the bicycle may be equipped with front and/or rear suspension assemblies, which permit the suspended wheel to move against a biasing force relative to the bicycle frame. Although highly favored in some applications, such as bicycles intended primarily for off-road use, such suspension assemblies have generally been unsuccessful in connection with bicycles primarily intended for use on paved surfaces (i.e., road bicycles), where low weight and aerodynamics are considered highly important. Furthermore, such suspension assemblies are intended to absorb large bumps and may not be effective at isolating vibrations due to inherent friction within the assembly, which may prevent movement of the suspension assembly in response to small forces.
In road bicycle applications, it has recently become popular to utilize materials having improved damping properties in comparison to metals to form a portion or all of the bicycle between the wheels and the rider. For example, a composite material of carbon fiber fabric within a resin matrix (“carbon fiber”) is often used in an attempt to isolate road-induced vibrations from the rider of the bicycle. In some instances, the entire frame of the bicycle may be comprised of a carbon fiber material.
Such an arrangement has been more successful in isolating terrain-induced vibrations from reaching the rider of the bicycle in comparison with bicycle frames and components comprised entirely of metal. However, although carbon fiber is lightweight and exhibits improved vibration damping characteristics

Thus, a need exists, which will be critical in the future, for a circuit that produces signals representing intensity of detected infrared radiation in a form that is not susceptible to interference and in a way that does not consume a great deal of electrical power.
FIG. 1a shows a scanning radiation sensor system 20. The sensor system 20 scans space or the Earth for radiation generated from a target by moving a lens 21 together with a plurality of radiation detectors 22, for instance. The lens 21 receives background and target radiation from an instantaneous field of view that is typically one degree horizontal and sixty degrees vertical. The lens 21 collects the background and target radiation and focuses numerous glow spots 23 of radiation toward the radiation detectors 22. Each glow spot 23 of radiation corresponds to a single target or background object, such as a single star in the instantaneous field of view of the lens 21. Each glow spot 23 is slightly larger than one radiation detector. Thus, the lens 21 focuses a glow spot 23 of radiation onto a set of radiation detectors comprising a central radiation detector and any radiation detectors which are immediately adjacent that central radiation detector. The glow spots 23 from numerous targets or background objects move horizontally over the radiation detectors 22 as the sensor system 20 moves the lens 21 together with the radiation detectors 22 left and right in an arc of 120 degrees, and are positioned vertically on the radiation detectors 22 according to the elevation of each target or background object in the field of view, for example. Movement of these glow spots 23 describes a surface known as a focal plane 24.
Typically, modules 22a of radiation detectors 22 are mounted in columns which are staggered vertically on a surface in the focal plane 24 of the moving lens 21. These columns of modules 22a are staggered vertically so that any ray of radiation which might pass undetected through a horizontal space between two vertically adjacent modules in a first column, hits another module in a horizontally adjacent column.
Each radiation detector of each module generates an analog output signal that indicates intensity of radiation detected by such a detector. The analog output signal of each radiation detector is processed in a processor to derive intensity of radiation generated by each target or background object and angular position of that target or object during an initial scan of the glow spots 23 by the lens 21 over the radiation detectors 22. The processor then compares a subsequent intensity of radiation and angular position for each target or object derived during a subsequent scan of the glow spots 23 to determine a trajectory of a target or position of a background object, for instance.
FIG. 1b shows radiation detectors 22

Holograms are widely used in applications for preventing counterfeiting of cash vouchers and credit cards. Normally, a region onto which a hologram is to be recorded is set up in a portion of a medium to be subjected to counterfeiting prevention, and a hologram of a three-dimensional image, etc., is recorded inside this region.
Although conventionally with many commercially available holograms, an original image is recorded onto a medium in the form of interference fringes by an optical method, methods for preparing a hologram by forming interference fringes on a recording plane by computation using a computer have recently come to be known. A hologram prepared by such a method is generally referred to as a “computer generated hologram (CGH)” or simply as a “computer hologram.” A computer hologram is obtained by simulating a so-called optical interference fringe generating process on a computer, and an entire process of generating interference fringe patterns is carried out as computation on the computer. Upon obtaining image data of interference fringe patterns by such a computation, physical interference fringes are formed on an actual medium based on the image data. As a specific example, a method, with which image data of interference fringe patterns prepared by a computer are provided to an electron beam printer and physical interference fringes are formed by scanning an electron beam across a medium, has been put into practical use.
With the advance of computer graphics technologies, the handling of various images on computers has become a general practice in the printing industry. It will thus be convenient to be able to prepare original images, to be recorded as holograms, in the form of image data obtained using a computer. To meet such demands, techniques for preparing computer holograms are becoming increasingly important and are anticipated to take the place of optical hologram preparing methods in the future. Various techniques related to such computer holograms are disclosed in Japanese Patent Laid-open Publications No. 11-024539, No. 2001-109362 and No. 2003-186376.
Also, although “hologram” normally refers to an optical interference fringe pattern that enables reconstruction of a three-dimensional image, recently, a medium called a “pseudo hologram,” in which a diffraction grating pattern is formed in place of an optical interference fringe pattern, has come into widespread use. For example, Japanese Patent Laid-open Publications No. 06-337622 and No. 07-146635 (U.S. Pat. No. 5,784,200 corresponds to them),

On the other hand, the movable door glass readily vibrates along a vertical part of the door frame, and consequently, the movable door glass may not be smoothly raised or lowered. To solve this problem, a guide groove is provided in the door frame so as to guide and hold the movable door glass. In the sealing structures of the above-described prior art, however, the glass run cannot be provided inside the door frame, whereby it is difficult to seal the gap between the vertical part of the door frame and a side edge of the movable door glass. Therefore, it is also required to guide and seal the movable door glass.
A front door and a rear door may be provided with both the movable door glass and the fixed door glass secured to the door frame. With respect to the movable door glass, it has been tried to provide a roof moulding in the door opening portion for holding an upper edge of the movable door glass raised using a door glass slightly moving system. On the other hand, with respect to the fixed door glass, it is required to provide a space between the roof moulding and a peripheral edge of the fixed door glass upon opening and closing of the vehicle door, and consequently required to seal the above-described space between the roof moulding and fixed door glass fixed door glass securely.
Thus, the sealing arrangement for the movable door glass differs from that for the fixed door glass. Therefore, when the vehicle door is closed, it is required to provide a seal between an upper edge of the movable door glass and the door opening portion and between a peripheral edge of the fixed door glass and the door opening portion, respectively.
In another conventional sealing structure, as shown in FIG. 3, a roof moulding 26 is attached to a door opening portion 28 of a vehicle body along a vehicle roof, and a door glass weather strip 30 is attached within the roof moulding 26. With this arrangement, upon closing of the vehicle door 16, an upper edge of the door glass 18 passes below the roof moulding 26, and when the vehicle door 16 is closed completely, the door glass 18 is slightly raised with a door glass slightly moving system, and the upper edge of the door glass 18 is inserted in the door glass weather strip 30. As a result, the upper edge of the door glass 18 is held without bending, and is sealed with a tubular seal portion 32 of the door glass weather strip 30 (see Publication of unexamined JP patent application No. Hei 8-40073, FIG. 1,

The demerits reside in that since each of the plurality of pixel elements to be spatially sampled is fundamentally an independent element and has different characteristics, an acquired image is required to be corrected in accordance with variations in the characteristics among the respective pixel elements.
The main variation in the characteristics of pixel elements as energy conversion elements is a variation in conversion efficiencies (gain) and offset values. The gain and offset are required to be corrected first, if a flat panel X-ray sensor is used as a solid state image pickup device.
Description will be given on prior art technologies. FIG. 4 is a schematic block diagram of the apparatus for correcting the gain and offset. In FIG. 4, reference numeral 1 represents an X-ray generating apparatus which is controlled by a controller having a high voltage generator to generate X-rays along a direction indicated by an arrow. An object, typically a human body 2, is on a bed 3. An X-ray image sensor 5 is used for converting an intensity distribution of X-rays transmitted through the object into electric signals. The X-ray image sensor 5 is made of a large-size solid image pickup device. Signals indicative of an X-ray intensity distribution on a two-dimensional plane can be spatially sampled from a plurality of pixel elements disposed in a two-dimensional matrix form.
In the following, this X-ray image sensor is called a flat panel sensor. A sampling pitch is set generally to about 100 μm to 200 μm to image the internal structure of a human body. The flat panel sensor is controlled by the controller (not shown). Pixels are sequentially scanned to convert charges in each pixel into voltage or current. This analog electric signal is supplied to an A/D converter 6, which converts the analog signal into a digital signal.
The A/D converted digital signal is temporarily stored in a memory 7. Data in the memory 7 is stored via a switch 8 into one of two memories 9 and 10. The memory 9 stores an image signal output from the flat panel sensor under no exposure of X-rays, as an offset fixed pattern image. The memory 10 stores an image signal obtained under exposure of X-rays.
Generally an X-ray amount measuring apparatus (also called a phototimer) is used to monitor the X-ray amount transmitted through a subject and control X-ray exposure. When the cumulative X-ray amount reaches a predetermined value, X-ray exposure is stopped. When the X-ray exposure stops, the controller scans the flat panel

a second optical amplifier;
and a second optical signal processing apparatus comprising:
an optical transmission line;
a third optical amplifier;
a second optical wavelength filter;
third optical splitting means for dividing the output light of the second optical wavelength filter into n (integer) units of light;
second n units of input/output optical waveguides;
a second arrayed waveguide comprising a plurality of optical waveguides gradually increasing in waveguide length;
second distribution means for distributing the output light of the second input/output optical waveguides to the second arrayed waveguide;
second focusing means for focusing the output light of the second arrayed waveguide;
a second spatial filter disposed in the vicinity of the focal plane of the second focusing means for modulating light image;
second reflection means for reflecting light modulated by the second spatial filter;
fourth optical splitting means for taking out the reflected light from the second input/output optical waveguide; and
n units of optical receivers for receiving the reflected light from the n units of fourth optical splitting means.
A yet further construction of the dispersion compensatable optical signal processing apparatus comprises a first optical signal processing apparatus comprising:
a short pulse light source;
a first optical amplifier;
a first optical wavelength filter;
a first optical splitting means for dividing the output light of the first optical wavelength filter into n(integer) units of light;
first n units of optical modulation circuits;
first n units of input/output optical waveguides a first arrayed waveguide comprising a plurality of optical waveguides gradually increasing in waveguide length;
first distribution means for distributing the output light of the first input/output optical waveguides to the first arrayed waveguide;
first focusing means for focusing the output light of the first arrayed waveguide;
a first spatial filter disposed in the vicinity of the focal plane of the first focusing means for modulating light image;
a second arrayed waveguide comprising a plurality of optical waveguides gradually increasing in waveguide length;
second focusing means for focusing the light modulated by the first spatial filter to the second arrayed waveguide;
first n units of output optical waveguides;
first optical combining means for synthesizing the output light of the second arrayed waveguide and coupling to the first n units of output optical waveguides;
second optical combining means for coupling output of the first n units of output optical waveguides;
a second optical amplifier; and a second optical signal processing apparatus comprising:
an optical transmission line;


The present invention relates generally to methods of patterning hard masks used in fabrication of semiconductor devices, and specifically to methods of patterning hard masks formed by UV light exposure.
Patterning hard masks are used in the fabrication of semiconductor devices to form metal lines, for example.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,910,021 to Tabara et al. describes a method of manufacturing semiconductor devices having fine patterns. A main conductive layer is formed over a substrate and a conductive antireflection layer (TiN, TiON or CrN) is formed over the main conductive layer. A patterned resist mask is formed over the antireflection layer and the antireflection layer is selectively removed by a first etching gas to form a laminated mask of the resist mask and an antireflection mask self-aligned with the resist mask. The main conductive layer is selectively removed through the laminated mask by a second etching gas different from the first etching gas.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,382,544 to Matsummoto et al. describes a method of manufacturing a semiconductor device by the electron beam exposure method. A resist is applied on an interlayer dielectric (ILD) film through a thin metal (Al, AlSiCu, W, silicide, or preferably Ti) film and a contact hole is formed in the interlayer dielectric film. The thin metal film is used as a part of a second metal wiring pattern after removing its surface oxides.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,264,076 to Cuthbert et al. describes a method of integrated circuit fabrication using a layer of spin-on-glass (SOG) as a hard mask for patterning an underlying layer of polysilicon to form gate structures or the like.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,873,163 to Watakaabe et al. describes a photomask material blank, and a method of manufacturing same. The photomask material comprises a transparent substrate and a silicide film of a transition metal formed on the substrate. The metal silicide may be comprised of molybdenum (Mo), tungsten (W), or tantalum (Ta). In an alternate embodiment, a low reflective film comprised of MoO2, WO2, TiO2, or CrO is formed over a silicide film, e.g. a MoO2 film may be formed over a Mo silicide film.
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention

To obtain a larger output current, the transistor TP103 on the output stage must be set to a large size.
To solve this problem, a push-pull operational amplifier is proposed, and its circuit arrangement is shown in FIG. 2. This push-pull operational amplifier has the same differential and output stages as in the operational amplifier shown in FIG. 1 except that a level shift stage having n-channel MOS transistors TN104 and TN105 is arranged between the differential and output stages.
The transistor TN104 has a source connected to a power supply voltage terminal V.sub.DD, a gate connected to a node N1 on the differential stage, and a source connected to the gate of a transistor TN104 via a node N2 together with the drain of the transistor TN105. The gate of the transistor TN105 receives a bias voltage VBIAS together with a transistor TN103, and the source of the transistor TN105 is grounded.
In this operational amplifier, the gate of the transistor TN104 on the output stage receives not the predetermined bias voltage VBIAS but a signal at the output node N2 on the level shift stage. The signal at the node N2 has a potential prepared by converting on the level shift stage the level of the potential of the output node N1 on the differential stage.
More specifically, when the output node N1 on the differential amplification stage falls to a ground voltage Vcc, the ON resistance of a transistor TP103 on the output stage decreases toward an ON state. In this case, the ON resistance of the transistor TN104 increases toward an OFF state, the level-converted potential of the output node N2 falls further toward a ground voltage Vss, and thus the transistor TN104 operates toward an OFF state. When, therefore, an output signal OUT rises toward the level of the power supply voltage Vss, the ON resistance of the transistor TN104 increases further to an OFF state to decrease the current flowing through the transistor TN104. As a result, a larger current can be extracted from the output terminal OUT.
In this operational amplifier, however, since the output node N2 on the level shift stage functions as a source follower, the potential of the node N2 is limited by the threshold of the transistor TN104. This also limits the current extracted from the output terminal OUT.
Further, the current flowing through the transistor TN104 on the output stage is difficult to estimate. Consequently, the punch-through current flowing through the transistors TP103 and TN104 cannot be

Radiation shields adapted to flank or surround cryogenic elements or surfaces, especially cryogenic members of machines such as cryopumps, have been provided heretofore in the form of angle strips which lie in a jalousie configuration so as to form an optically obstructing system whereby straight-line passage of radiation to or from the cryogenic surface is blocked by the strips.
Reference will be made to the concept of "optical obstruction" hereinafter and it should be understood that this is intended to mean that the spaced-apart strips are so oriented that they intercept straight-line radiation to or from the cryogenic surface, i.e. are so disposed that a lower edge of one strip lies below or is coplanar with the upper edge of the next underlying strip. To this extent, projections of the strips in a plane parallel to the radiation surface will overlap. It is this type of overlapping which is intended when overlapping is discussed below.
Radiation shields of this type thus include a multiplicity of spaced-apart but superimposed inclined strips of high thermal conductivity held together by a body which itself is cooled, i.e. filled with a cooling medium.
As has been noted, such heat shields are employed to minimize the heat influx to the cold surfaces of cryopumps and the like.
In general the sheet-metal strips are blackened, are disposed in the optical obstruction relationship mentioned previously, but nevertheless form a gas-permeable structure which is cooled by the liquid coolant, for example, liquid nitrogen.
In prior-art systems, these strips have been bent or angled metal strips with a V cross section whose apex angle was usually 120.degree. and the strips were soldered onto the ducts or vessels containing the liquid nitrogen and forming side walls of the radiation shield.
Direct radiation to and from the cryogenic surface was thus blocked effectively by the array of strips flanking the surface while gas permeability, although reduced to about 25% by a properly designed strip array with minimum overlapping, was still quite satisfactory with respect to the savings in liquid helium consumption achieved by this device.
While these devices were found to be highly effective, they were expensive to fabricate and had to be custom-built for each cryogenic installation. Furthermore, once constructed, they could not be effectively altered to change their size or repair or replace the strips. Furthermore, the non-permeability of the sidewalls precludes effective operation of the cryogenic device, e.g. the cryopump, whose intake side frequently was partly obstruct

FIG. 1 shows a plan view of a DETF accelerometer constructed according to the prior art techniques. The accelerometer of FIG. 1 combines a proof mass 2 and DETFs 4, 6. DETFs 4, 6, however, are positioned at much different distances 14, 16 from the centerline 8 of the hinges 10, 12. Thus, the non-linearities of the two DETFs do not cancel effectively when the difference frequency is formed, even when the DETFs are designed for the ideal case in which second-order non-linearity, K2, values cancel when subjected to purely axial forces. The lack of second-order non-linearity cancellation when the difference frequency is formed causes measurement errors and raises difficulties when DETF force sensors and accelerometers are used in applications requiring a high degree of linearity.
General information on the design of vibrating beam accelerometers may be found in the text by Lawrence entitled Modern Inertial Technology: Navigation, Guidance and Control, Copyright 1993, Springer-Verlag, N.Y.
The invention recognizes and accounts for the fact that the deformation of the DETFs in a two-DETF, single-proof-mass accelerometer are not purely axial extensions or compressions, but also involve rotations and transverse displacements of the ends of the DETFs. The rotations and displacements create additional changes in the tine stiffnesses beyond those that occur due to simple stress stiffening effects. The effect of the additional stiffness changes is to alter the linearities of the DETFs, so that the second-order effects such as those due to, for example, Euler buckling loads, do not cancel when the difference frequency is formed.
According to one aspect of the present invention, the present invention includes various embodiments which overcome the problems of the prior art by providing positioning of the two DETFs which minimizes or eliminates second-order, K2, non-linearity effects.
According to another aspect of the present invention, the invention provides methods for positioning the dual-DETFs such that second-order non-linearities of the two DETFs will be equal under the deformations that they actually undergo in use. Thus, the present invention provides cancellation of the composite second-order non-linearity.
According to yet another aspect of the present invention, the present invention provides single processing etching mask change to fine tune the position of the two DETFs which minimizes both individual DETF second-order non-linearity and the composite common mode second-order non-linear

The fiber-reinforced plastics industry, particularly the glass-reinforced polyester industry, is under pressure from environmental and safety regulators to reduce and eventually eliminate the use and production of volatile organic compounds. As a result, these industries are searching for methods that avoid the use of organic solvents, particularly in spraying applications. For example, the glass-reinforced polyester industry, which uses styrene in the manufacturing process, has begun to use styrene-suppressed resins. It is particularly desirable to avoid the use of styrene because it is highly tamable as well as a suspected carcinogen and environmental contaminant. These styrene-suppressed resins, however, include a significant amount of wax, which calls for special precautions, such as careful surface preparation to remove wax, to ensure good secondary bonds. Thus, alternative resin systems are needed for the preparation of fiber-reinforced plastic components.
Solvent-free and low-solvent two-component polyurethane systems are known and used in the production of coatings, resins, lacquers, pastes, and adhesives. For example, two-component lacquers based on 4,4'-diisocyanato diphenylmethane are used in quick-hardening coatings on concrete, steel, industrial floors, etc. Two-component polyurethane systems are also used in making molded parts. For example, in the reaction injection molding (RIM) process, a polyisocyanate and an isocyanate-reactive component, e.g., a mixture of a polyol and a chain extender or crosslinker having amine or hydroxyl groups, are mixed and injected, generally under high pressure, into a mold with subsequent rapid curing. These "two components," i.e., the isocyanate component and the isocyanate-reactive component, are highly reactive and therefore must be introduced into the mold very rapidly and perfectly mixed. Fiber-reinforced molded products can be made using the RIM process with a reinforcing mat placed in the mold. Generally inferior products result, however, because the RIM reactants react too quickly and become too viscous before they are able to completely impregnate the mat.
A more desirable process than reaction injection molding involves spraying. Few polyurethane compositions are available that can be sprayed, however, particularly to form fiber-reinforced molded products. This is because curing of polyurethane compositions are difficult to control such that fibrous reinforcement material, e.g., fiberglass, can be fully impregnated or wetted out.
Thus, a

A variety of elongated composite structures may have relatively confined internal cavities that require inspection in order to assure that the structure meets production and/or performance specifications. Conventional composite structure cured with hard tooling results in composite radii that are well defined and repeatable. In contrast, the composite radii formed using soft tooling are not always well defined and may vary from part to part. In some cases, dimensional or contour variations may be greater than those that would result from using hard tooling. These larger variations make reliable inspection using conventional methods more challenging. In view of the deviation from circularity of soft-tooled composite radii, the term “radiused surface” as used hereinafter should be construed non-strictly to include surfaces that vary from being a section of a circular cylinder.
Critical composite structure in aerospace and potentially in applications outside aerospace must be inspected to required specifications to ensure structural integrity. Inspecting soft-tooled composite structures presents distinct yet interrelated challenges. Critical inspection areas include the radiused surfaces of composite part joint fillets. Moreover, such soft-tooled surfaces must be inspected in a production environment. For a production inspection, the inspection rate must be sufficient to meet the part production rate.
For ultrasonic inspection of composite structure, the ultrasound beam should ideally enter at 90 degrees to the local surface of the composite part being inspected. If it does not enter at 90 degrees, it will be refracted off normal and a return echo from any possible internal structure or anomaly will not be optimum. Traditionally a 90-degree entry angle is maintained by holding a sensor array at a precisely fixed position in space relative to the surface. While this works well for known surfaces, such as flat or cylindrical surfaces of a given, fixed radius and circular shape, this approach will not provide adequate results for surfaces which are, for example, parabolic, irregular, or of varying radius of not necessarily cylindrical cross section. Traditional methods of interrogating such a radius with ultrasound fail to keep the sound path sufficiently perpendicular over the entire inspection area.
Current practice in inspecting composite part joint fillets consists of sliding a probe that is geometrically aligned to a fixed fillet radius along the joint. If the radius changes away from this fixed alignment, the data becomes unusable. To realign to the new geometry, a physically different probe can be substituted or an adaptable probe can be manually readjusted. The readjustment or complete replacement, of the ultrasonic probe(s) during the operation slows the inspection process time dramatically.
There

In normal healthy individuals, insulin blood levels fall to zero when the serum glucose level drops below approximately 83 mg %. In obese individuals, insulin blood levels rarely fall to zero. As little as one microunit of insulin in serum will prevent the breakdown of stored fat. Even starvation does not bring insulin levels to normal in obese subjects.
As people age, sensitivity of cells to insulin generally decreases due to sedentary lifestyles, poor diet, and the natural aging process. The pancreatic response to this is often hyper-secretion of insulin. Therefore, it is difficult for people to lose a significant amount of body fat as long as they suffer from insulin overload. A noticeable effect of excess serum insulin is constant hunger. This results in a vicious cycle where overeating causes more body fat to accumulate and in turn, causes greater amounts of insulin secretion. The most immediate and noticeable effect of too much insulin may be unwanted weight gain.
Mannoheptulose is a seven carbon sugar which is naturally found in avocado fruit. Mannoheptulose inhibits hexokinase in a predominantly competitive manner. Hexokinase is an enzyme which catalyzes the phosporylation glucose to glucose -6-phosphate (G6P), which is the first reaction of glycolysis. Therefore, ingestion of mannoheptulose is a logical method of decreasing insulin serum levels.
Previously, the potential usefulness of this seven-carbon ketogenated sugar has been limited by its unpleasant side effects (e.g., diarrhea, nausea) and poor absorption on oral administration. There are problems with unpleasant side-effects, and problems of transient hypoglycemia. Scientists have believed that orally administered mannoheptulose was limited to the extent which it could be absorbed in man, because of its laxative effect when orally administered. This effect is most likely an osmotic effect, similar to that of mannitol. Mannoheptulose has been shown to lower fasting and glucose stimulated peak insulin release in mammals including man.
The only oral pharmaceutical preparation available for hyperinsulinemia is diazoxide (sold under the tradename Proglycem®). which is also sold as an intravenous anti-hypertensive (sold under the tradename Hyperstat®). However, its usefulness has been limited by its significant side-effects and serious drug interactions. Treatment of obese patients with diazoxide lowers insulin levels, but also drops blood pressure dangerously and can intensify the effects of anticoagulants. The diazoxide intravenous solution must be administered with great

This invention pertains generally to circuitry for electronically controlled acoustic musical instruments, and more particularly to note actuator feedback circuits within player pianos.
2. Description of Related Art
Player pianos continue to get more sophisticated in the pursuit of optimizing performance reproduction. However, the increased sophistication often leads to increased cost factors which reduce market penetration in certain market segments and limit both market advantage and profits.
One of these cost factors arises from the use of real-time feedback circuitry which assures that each actuator provides a similar response to a given stimulus, thus normalizing actuator outputs “on-the-fly”. In order to provide accurate playback, player piano systems employ real-time feedback for sensing the motion of the key mechanism, (i.e. plunger, piano key or hammer) and applying correction to actuator signals while the actuator is active during a key strike. One such form of feedback comprises a Hall Effect sensor coupled for sensing the velocity of the mechanism in response to actuator activity. The measured velocity is compared with the expected velocity and a correction factor applied during the keystroke to correct for error. The real-time feedback thus assures that the actual output properly tracks the expected output. The feedback is typically applied continuously over the key strike in the case of analog circuitry or periodically during the keystroke in the case of digital circuitry.
It will be recognized that sensing hardware, such as Hall Effect sensors, must be coupled to each of the eighty-eight (88) key mechanisms of the piano. Electronic circuitry is required for registering the data from these sensors and generating output corrections in real-time for all of the eighty-eight (88) keys. At least one feedback circuit function, such as a comparator, is required per piano key and more typically multiple comparators, op-amps, and/or other circuitry are necessary to generate proper real-time feedback. Attempts have been made at reducing or integrating analog elements in the feedback path, while multiprocessing has also been proposed which allows each of multiple processors to generate real-time feedback for a subset of the keys.
FIG. 1 represents the major functional elements and their interactions in a solenoid drive circuit 10 having real-time feedback and a performance recording system 12. A piano key 14 is shown operably coupled to a hammer mechanism 16 which translates the mechanical input on key 14 to a hammer motion for striking string 18. In a player piano system a solenoid 20 is coupled to hammer mechanism 16 for striking string 18 during playback of a note sequence. Solenoid 20 is

Newer versions of these standards, for example, Release 6 of UMTS provide for high data rate uplink channels referred to as enhanced dedicated physical channels. These enhanced dedicated physical channels may include an enhanced data part (e.g., an enhanced dedicated physical data channel [E-DPDCH] in accordance with UMTS protocols) and an enhanced control part (e.g., an enhanced dedicated physical control channel [E-DPCCH] in accordance with UMTS protocols). In addition, Release 6 moved more of the intelligence of the system away from the Radio Network Controller (RNC) and towards the NodeB and UE by introducing a processor called the MAC-e (medium access control-enhanced) at both the NodeB and the UE. The MAC-e processor at the NodeB is responsible for scheduling when different UEs can transmit data and at what maximum data rate the UEs may transmit. The MAC-e processor at the UE is responsible for multiplexing data from different traffic flows based on priority as well as assembling scheduling information to inform the MAC-e processor at the NodeB about items such as the amount of data in the UEs buffer that is awaiting transmission, as well as the amount of power the UE has available to transmit data. The MAC-e processor at the UE packages this information in what is known as a MAC-e SI (Scheduling Information).
Recently a work item was introduced in the 3GPP (3rd Generation Parternship Project) titled “Continuous Connectivity for Packet Data Users” which is intended to significantly increase the number of inactive packet data users that can maintain a dedicated connection to the network. Under this work item, it has been proposed that when there is traffic inactivity on both the uplink and the downlink, that the UE move into what may be called an “idle traffic mode.” In this mode the UE would somehow reduce the power or the frequency of transmissions on the DPCCH and possibly shut down the HS-DPCCH (high speed dedicated physical control channel) which is used to support downlink data transmissions on HSDPA (high speed downlink packet access). In addition, reducing the power on the DPCCH may require the UE to change the mode of its power control to maintain reliability, one such option is to employ the existing DPC (downlink power control) Mode 1 in which the power control bits are repeated.
While proposals have been made on what measures the UE could take when moving from an active

Hybrid genes of interferon have also been constructed using REN sites common to two homologous genes (Weck, et. al., Nucl. Acids Res., 9:6153 (1981)).
In addition to these synthetic and semi-synthetic procedures for changing DNA sequences, internal mutations have been achieved randomly by chemical agents or ultraviolet light, or in specific locations using single-stranded oligonucleotides (Wallace, R. B. et. al., Nucl. Acids Res. 9:3647 (1981); Dalbadie-McFarland, G. et. al.,Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 79:6409 (1982)).
In addition to the above methods of creating synthetic or altered genes, altered proteins (polypeptides), termed analogs, have been created for numerous applications by chemical synthesis of the entire amino acid sequence of the analog. As an example of a series of protein analogs, there are numerous opiod analgesics based on the Leu-Enkephalin Pentapeptide, related to B-endorphin. These peptides termed dynorphins range from tridecapeptides to heptadecapeptides, as exemplified in U.S. Pat. No. 4,396,606.
Human pancreatic growth hormone-releasing factor (hpGRF) was first isolated, purified and sequenced as a 44 amino acid polypeptide which stimulated the secretion of immunoreactive growth hormone (Guillemin, R, et al., Science, 218:585-587 (1982)) Subsequently, a varient was isolated and purified from a pancreatic islet tumor. This hpGRF (hpGRF(1-40)-OH) was found to terminate at amino acid residue 40 of the previously determined sequence. This varient retained essentially full biological activity as did the varients hpGRF(1-40)-NH.sub.2 and hpGRF(1-29)-NH.sub.2 (Spiess, J. et al., Biochemistry, 21:6037-6040 (1982)).
The amino acid sequence of human Insulin-like Growth Factor I has been previously determined (Rinderknecht, E. and R. E. Humble, J. Biol. Chem., 253:2769-2776 (1978)). This polypeptide, isolated from serum, is a single chain polypeptide of 70 amino acid residues which displays sequence homology to proinsulin. The chemical synthesis of a 70 amino acid residue

1. Field of the Invention
This invention is related to the field of computing systems, and more particularly, to the analysis and debug of digital systems.
2. Description of the Related Art
One of the more useful tools used in the analysis of computer systems is that of transaction tracing. Transaction tracing is the recording or observing of transactions which occur within a computer system in order to analyze the behavior of the computer system. Typically, transactions occurring on the computer system's memory or I/O bus are recorded for a period of time and subsequently analyzed in order to gain insight into the behavior of the system and the software executing on it.
FIG. 1 illustrates one embodiment of a system in which transaction tracing may be used. FIG. 1 shows a computer system 100 including processors 102A-102B, memories 104A-104B, I/O unit 106, and tracing unit 108 coupled to a bus 110. Elements referred to herein with a particular reference number followed by a letter will be collectively referred to by the reference number alone. For example, processors 102A-102B will be collectively referred to as processors 102. Whenever either processor 102A or 102B wants to access data contained in either memory 104, or perhaps in the other processor's cache, or wants to perform an I/O operation via the I/O unit 106, it issues a transaction on bus 110. The transaction on the bus 110 may then be observed by the tracing unit 108, which may record information pertinent to the transaction. Examples of pertinent information include the physical memory address used in the transaction, the data requested, or the time the transaction was issued. At a later time, the transactions recorded by the tracing unit can be retrieved and analyzed. It should be noted that while FIG. 1 illustrates tracing unit 108 as a standalone device, alternative embodiments may include tracing unit 108 as an integrated component of other devices or components.
Transaction tracing in non-bus based systems may be used as well. For example, a broadcast oriented network may utilize a transaction tracing unit to observe transaction data. Similarly, a system based on a switched interconnect could also incorporate a tracing unit. In the case of a switched interconnect, the tracing unit may be incorporated into the switch, or the switch may be programmed to send copies of all transactions to the tracing unit. Many different uses of transaction tracing are possible and are contemplated.
Transaction tracing may be used in a number of ways to assist in the debug and analysis of computing systems. First, tracing may be used to find faults in either

Several methods are used to make the ion content of the target region more balanced. U.S. Pat. No. 5,055,963 to Leslie W. Partridge, which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety, discloses some methods for balancing the ion content of the target region. One method is to minimize the exposed surface area of the grounded components of the ionizer, and to position such grounded components in the ionizer such that they are, to the extent possible, equally distant from each electrode. This reduces the tendency of ions from one electrode to be attracted to ground, allowing more ions of the opposite polarity to reach the target region.
Another technique is to place electrodes of opposite polarity near each other to minimize the differences between the paths of ions from either electrode to objects in the target region. Such differences can result in an increased number of ions of one polarity in some parts of the target region. This technique is limited because locating electrodes of opposite polarity near each other increases the number of ions which simply move between the two electrodes, decreasing the number of ions which end up in the target region. Thus, locating electrodes near each other increases ion balance, but negatively affects the overall ion content level.
To help ensure that the numbers of ions produced by the electrodes are balanced, the high voltage supply, which is connected to the electrodes, can be isolated from ground. This allows the high voltage supply, and the electrodes, to acquire a Direct Current (D.C.) bias which acts to reduce any unbalance in the ions produced. When a molecule of one of the gases constituting air becomes positively ionized at a positive electrode, it loses at least one electron to the positive electrode, imparting a negative charge, equal in magnitude to the positive charge acquired by the molecule, to the entire high voltage supply. When a negative ion is produced at a negative electrode, at least one electron is removed from the electrode, imparting a positive charge to the high voltage supply. If the total charge of all positive ions produced is equal in magnitude to the total charge of all negative ions produced, the effect of these charges on the high voltage supply will cancel out, and no D.C. bias will be acquired. If more ions of positive polarity are produced, however, the high voltage supply will gain a D.C. bias of negative polarity. This D.C. bias causes more negative ions to be produced, until balance in the number of ions of each polarity has again been achieved. The same mechanism acts to produce more positive ions when too

There has been a practice in the dairy industry to use sand as a bedding for animals, such as cows. The use of sand as a bedding material for cows has several advantages over the traditionally used chopped straw, sawdust or wood shavings. Some of the benefits include improved udder health, increased cow comfort, cleaner cows, improved traction and lower cost. One drawback to the use of sand is the significant handling and storage problems associated with the resulting mixture of sand and organic material, such as manure.
After the sand has been used as bedding, a mixture of sand and other particles is collected. This mixture from the floor of a dairy barn, for example, can be made up of (1) sludgy, hard brown organic matter; (2) organic matter in the form of fibrous or seedy undigested feed particles; (3) outside contaminants such as hair, tails, hoof particles, etc., and (4) sand. The object is to separate the sand from all the other constituents so that it is clean enough to reuse.
The related art has shown an assortment of separation systems used in the dairy, mining and petroleum refining industries. Some separation systems, such as screening and dissolved air floatation, are ineffective for use in separating manure and sand. For example, the dissolved air floatation method is ineffective because the minute bubbles are unable to float the large, coarse manure particles to the top of the tank for removal. Screening is also ineffective due to the similarities in the particle size distributions of the bedding sand and the manure.
In one type of separation system, the sand is rinsed together with wastewater to remove the harmful organic material. In this case, the sand is collected in a collecting reservoir with organic material and then pumped into a sand separator. This sand separator consists essentially of a vertical funnel-shaped container having an overflow. The wastewater with the organic material exits the overflow while the sand exits the container through a discharge opening at the bottom of the container. A discharge conveyor, which is typically a screw conveyer, is provided beneath the discharge opening to convey the sand at an upward angle so that the exit of the discharge conveyor is located above the height of the overflow. A rotating stream is created inside the container in which the characteristically lighter inorganic materials are displaced upward while the characteristically heavy sand sinks downward toward the discharge conveyor. The upward movable organic material is removed from the container together with the overflowing wastewater. The sand, which settles in a

The invention provides compensation for the amplitude reduction of input signals of a sigma-delta A/D converter within a signal processing system. Specifically, the invention provides scaling of the amplitude of the pulse code modulation (PCM) data back to the full-scale value achievable within the width of a data path within the signal processing system. Furthermore, the invention achieves the full-scale value of the PCM data in accordance with the sampling rate or recording frequency of input signals en route to a sigma-delta A/D converter within a signal processing system.
Advantageously, the invention is able to generate a scaling factor based on a sampling or recording frequency of input signals en route to a sigma-delta converter. Moreover, the invention is able to change the scaling factor to a new scaling factor in response to a new sampling or recording frequency. In one embodiment of the invention, scaling factors or contents of a scaling factor lookup table can be dynamically changed. In particular, the methods for generating and changing scaling factors can be implemented in software for a general purpose CPU. Additionally, the invention only adds minimal latency to the data stream.
Preferably, the invention is drawn to a method and a system for processing PCM data generated by a sigma-delta analog/digital (A/D) converter. A scaling factor is determined in accordance with a sampling frequency of an input signal to be processed by the sigma-delta A/D converter. The scaling factor is used to scale the PCM data to the maximum dynamic range allowed by the width of a data path associated with the transmission bus coupled to the sigma-delta A/D converter.
In response to an interrupt from an audio digital controller coupled to the sigma-delta A/D converter, a software device driver copies a block of PCM data within a direct memory access (DMA) buffer coupled to the sigma-delta A/D converter. Optionally, this copying operation can also be triggered by an interrupt from the User Application. The copied block of PCM data is scaled via the device driver by multiplying the copied PCM data by the scaling factor. The device driver then rails the scaled PCM data such that the dynamic range of said PCM data remains within the width of the data path of the transmission bus. In turn, the scaled and railed PCM data is sent to a user/application buffer for data consumption.
These and other objects and advantages of the present invention will no doubt become obvious to those of ordinary skill in the art after having read the following detailed description

Apparatus for supporting the tire of a vehicle so that the latter can be moved without touching the ground are well known. Typically, the apparatus comprises a plurality of wheels attached to a frame adapted to support the vehicle tire and a means for mounting the vehicle tire onto the means for support.
A variety of alternative frames, supports, and mounting members are known. In English patent application no. 2,109,313, Murillo discloses a three-wheeled trolley for use with vehicles having a flat or damaged tire. The vehicle tire is driven onto the trolley via a drive-on part which is rotated into position and then is clamped fast, the tire being supported at the rear side by the drive on part and resting at the front end against another supporting part which is also rotatable, while the bottom of the tire rests on the floor of a tray which hangs under the frame. In order to insure that the trolley remains in place when driving a tire onto it, the drive-on part is equipped on its underside with a protruding part which, in the non-rotated condition, lifts up the trolley, so that the rear wheels are free from the surface below.
This known trolley has a number of disadvantages, as for example the need for a separate clamp to prevent dislodging of the tire when the trolley is driving along bumpy road or otherwise subjected to pressures which tend to dislodge it. Further, the trolley has relatively large dimensions, which makes it difficult to carry or fit in a vehicle's storage area.
In. U.S. Pat. No. 4,726,727, Tyler discloses a six-wheeled trolley with a drive-on ramp, two braking systems to prevent movement of the trolley while mounting or dismounting a disabled vehicle tire, and a means to connect the trolley to the vehicle for safety and support while the vehicle and trolley are moving.
Tyler's trolley has a number of disadvantages, including the inherent instability of the disabled tire resting on a surface that is relatively flat, thereby not allowing the wheel to be sufficiently well-seated to withstand the forces that tend to dislodge it while the vehicle is in motion, thus necessitating attachment of the trolley to the vehicle. Further disadvantages include bulkiness, and closely spaced running wheels that increase the chances of the trolley being dislodged by irregularities in the surface upon

The present process can employ any solution of picric acid in a solvent that is known in the art for reacting with iron to produce ferrous picrate.
Preferably, however, a solution that is approximately three percent picric acid (i.e., three grams of picric acid per one hundred milliliters of solvent) is produced by dissolving picric acid in a solvent. Acceptable solvents are an aromatic solvent such as benzene, toluene, or xylene or a high aromatic petroleum fraction such as Solvent 100, although all other aromatic solvents and high aromatic petroleum fractions disclosed in the art to be used for a similar purpose are also acceptable and will hereinafter simply be termed aromatic solvents and high aromatic petroleum fractions used in the art. A practical percentage which can be achieved within a reasonable time is 2.8 percent. The more picric acid which is dissolved, the better. It is, however, extremely difficult to dissolve significantly more than three percent. The percentage of picric acid which has been dissolved is determined analytically, preferably by titration.
After having combined the picric acid with the solvent, water is removed from the solution using any technique that is well known in the art. Preferably, though, settling is allowed to occur so that the water is vertically separate from the solution of picric acid in solvent. Then the top layer can be removed by decantation or siphoning, or the bottom layer can be removed by draining. One of the various alternate methods for removal is centrifugal separation; another is azeotropic distillation.
The solution resulting from this preferred mixture is termed a pre-mix (as also, for the purposes of this patent application, is any solution of picric acid in a solvent, after such solution has been dewatered, that is prepared in accordance with the art of preparing ferrous picrate; such solution before dewatering is termed a precursor to the pre-mix solution) and has subsequently added to it an aliphatic alcohol. A non-exclusive list of acceptable aliphatic alcohols includes ethanol, isopropanol, and butanol. Butanol is preferred. It is preferable to add the aliphatic alcohol to the pre-mix rather than adding the pre-mix to the aliphatic alcohol in order to prevent the precipitation of some of the dissolved picric acid. Preferably, 25 percent butanol is combined with 75 percent pre-mix on a volume basis.
To the resultant solution some water, preferably 0.1 to 0

In the case of the known urine collection equipment, empyting of the collection pouch was only possible by severing the connection between the catheter tube and the pouch. During this procedure, the exposed end of the catheter and the inside of the pouch were freely accessible to bacteria and the like. Another problem common to the known collection pouches was a determination of the quantity of urine flow. Typically, these known devices require the use of a urinometer with which it was possible to determine the flow of urine as a function of time. Also, in the case of these known devices, it was not possible to determine at first glance whether urine was flowing or not. Further, it was not possible to determine quickly how great the quantity of flowing urine was since the urine from the inflow tube moved down on the wall of the urine pouch. Connecting a urinometer into the fluid path was time consuming and tedious, and in turn, meant severance of the possibly sterile path between catheter and urine collection pouch.
The space requirement of the known systems was considerable since the urinometer tupically has a height of approximately 30 centimeters and requires a special suspending mechanism that makes the entire arrangement bulky and costly. Decontamination of such a large device is expensive.
Besides these purely technical disadvantages, the known systems additionally have the disadvantage that nursing personnel, and also the patient, can become infected with germs. Experience in the case of patient infection shows that, with the known drainage systems, about eighty percent of all patients become infected after two days on the system. This infection makes additional treatments necessary. It would naturally be advantageous to avoid these treatments.
Described in German Offenlegungsschrift No. 24 38 153, published Feb. 20, 1975, is an arrangement that consists of a rigid headpiece and an adjoining, firmly attached, flexible pouch part. Here, the rigid headpiece consists of a rigid device, preferably made of a duroplastic, equipped with a suspension means. A chamber constituting the measuring part is formed in this headpiece. Joined to the chamber is a connecting line to the pouch part. This connecting line must be manually manipulated for connection. Moreover, joined to the flexible pouch part is an emptying contrivance, and provided in the headpiece itself is an air opening equipped with a filter. This filter is in communication with the inside of the flexible pouch part through a second connecting line. This known device is extraordinarily bulky and does not represent a urine collection and measurement system which is closed to

Atherton et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,190,805 provides a film medium useful in ink jet printing, which film comprises a transparent or opaque substrate, having on at least one side thereof an annotatable water-insoluble, water absorptive and ink-receptive matrix, said matrix comprised of a hydrogel complex and a pigment.
Sakaki et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,182,175 provides a recording medium comprising a substrate and an ink-receiving layer provided thereon wherein the ink receiving layer contains water-insoluble and amorphous basic aluminum salt. The aluminum salt is represented by the general formula Al.sub.x (OH).sub.y X.sub.z where X is an acid radical and x, y, and z are respectively positive integers and satisfy the relations of z=3X-y, and x/z.gtoreq.3.
Misuda et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,104,730 provides a recording sheet comprising a substrate and a porous layer of ink absorbent formed thereon, wherein the porous layer of ink absorbent is made mainly of pseudoboehmite.
Edwards et al., U.S. Pat. No. 4,956,230 provides a transparent sheet for use with ink jet printers and pen plotters which utilize hydrophilic solvent-based inks. The sheet comprises a transparent backing bearing on at least one major surface thereof a transparent coating formed of a blend of at least one hydrophilic polymer containing a carbonylamido functional group and at least one hydrophobic polymer substantially free of acidic functional groups, hydroxyl groups, &gt;NH groups and --NH.sub.2 groups.
Misuda et al., U.S. Pat. No. 4,879,166 provides a carrier medium for a coloring matter, which comprises an ink absorbent and a substance present on the surface of the absorbent, which has an adsorptivity of from 20 to 100 mg/g.
Otouma et al., U.S. Pat. No. 4,780,356 provides a recording sheet comprising a sheet of paper and porous particles provided on the paper surface, said porous particles having an average pore size of from 10 to 5000 Angstroms, a pore volume of from 0.05 to 3.0 cc/g and an average particle size of from 0.1 to 50 .mu.m.
While many ink jet recording medium

c. Such varieties of material transfer equipment and installations are well known for many uses and manufacturing incidents;
d. Roof construction has used shingles of various forms, with a need for lifting them from ground level up to the height of the roof, which, in residential use, is a lifting distance in the order of eight feet or so, and there has always been a need for achieving lifting shingles, usually kept and handled as heavy bundles, and the need for help in such lifting has been known for scores of years;
e. The disadvantages as to the lack of a practical means for achieving this bothersome lifting task are so great and would likely have been noticed by so many users and workmen, that this invention might have been born out of need but only if its concepts had been obvious;
f. The ease of tooling for the present invention has surely given manufacturers ample incentive to have made articles and modifications for commercial competitiveness in a competitive industry, if the concepts had been obvious;
g. The features of the present invention are reasonably likely considered by manufacturers and users to be of such an obvious advantage that manufacturers and/or users would likely consider lifting equipment of this invention to have massive sales opportunities to a great multitude of persons; and thus manufacturers and/or users would have been likely to have developed this lifting equipment of this invention, if its concepts had been obvious;
h. The prior art has always had sufficient skill to make many types of lifting equipment, more than ample skill to have achieved the present invention, but only if the concepts and their combination had been conceived;
i. Substantially all, of the operational characteristics and advantages of details of the present invention, when considered separately from one another and when considered separately from the present invention""s details and non-technical accomplishment of the details, are within the skill of persons of various arts, but only when considered away from the integrated and novel combination of concepts which by their cooperative combination achieves this advantageous invention;
j. The details of the present invention, when considered solely from the standpoint of construction, are exceedingly simple; and the matter of simplicity of construction has long been recognized as indicative of inventive creativity;
k. Similarly, and a long recognized indication of inventiveness of a novel combination, is the realistic principle that a person of ordinary skill in the art, as illustrated with respect to the claimed combination as differing in the stated respects from the prior art both as to construction and concept, is presumed to be one who thinks along the

In the conventional art, a belt, especially a seamless belt, has been used for various purpose, as a member in an electrophotographic image forming apparatus. In recent years, an intermediate transfer belt system has been used in a full color image forming apparatus, where the intermediate transfer belt system includes superimposing developed images of four colors, yellow, magenta, cyan, and black temporarily on an intermediate transfer member, and collectively transferring the superimposed images onto a transfer medium, such as paper.
As for the aforementioned intermediate transfer belt, a system using developing units of four respective colors to one photoreceptor has been used, but this system has a problem that a printing speed thereof is slow. Accordingly, to achieve high speed printing, a quarto-tandem system has been used, where the tandem system includes providing photoreceptors of four respective colors, and an image of each color is continuously transferred to paper.
In this system, however, it is very difficult to accurately position images of colors to be superimposed, as the paper is affected by the fluctuations of the environment, which causing displacement of the colors in the image. Accordingly, currently, an intermediate transfer belt system has been mainly adapted for the quarto-tandem system.
Under the circumstances as mentioned above, the higher requirements for properties (high speed transferring, and accuracy for positioning) of a intermediate transfer belt have been demanded than before, and therefore it is necessary for an intermediate transfer belt to satisfy these requirements. Especially for the accuracy for positioning, it has been required to inhibit variations caused by deformation of an intermediate transfer belt itself, such as stretching, after continuous use thereof. Moreover, an intermediate transfer belt is desired to have flame resistance as it is provided over a wide region of a device, and high voltage is applied thereto for transferring. To satisfy these demands, a polyimide resin that is a highly elastic and highly heat resistant resin, has been mainly used as a material of an intermediate transfer belt.
When the intermediate transfer belt is used in an image forming apparatus for long periods, the edge of the belt cracks or the belt breaks when curved by a drive roller. Therefore, the running belt does not have sufficient durability.
Japanese Patent No. JP-4840038-B2 (Japanese published unexamined application No. 2007-14754-A) discloses a method of specifying a volatile material in an intermediate transfer belt to be 10 to 100,000 ppm to improve durability and transferability thereof. This relates to improvement of durability of a surface layer, and is

The present invention relates to a method for setting dyes on fabrics in general, by the two-step process, as well as a system specifically designed for carrying out this method.
As is known, the so-called two-step process for setting reactive dyes on cotton or viscose comprises a first step, in which on a textile support there is printed and dryed a semi-dense mixture, comprising a dye and a thickening agent.
The second step of the process consists of causing the fabric to pass, after the printing and drying operation, through an alkali bath with an immediately subsequent vaporizing by using slightly super-heated steam, for a period of time which can vary from 12 to 15 seconds.
Between the alkali bath and vaporizer a pre-heating device is usually included, for example, of the infrared ray type.
This process is broadly used mainly for cotton or viscose fabrics, since it provides the possibility of printing and vaporizing the fabric in different days, and allows to obtain an optimum setting of the dyes, since the vaporizing operation is substantially of a wet-on-wet type.
Moreover, no polluting additional product is used, such as urea or accelerating substances, and the method involves a low consume of power for the vaporization, together with a small cost for the dyes, which is much smaller than that required for a single-step setting process.
In order to carry out the vaporization, there is at present used a vaporizer, comprising a tower or column, inside which there are held 8-12 meters of fabric.
In the column, the fabric is entrained to vertically rise, as controlled by a driven cylinder, arranged at the top of the column, and then the fabric is caused to downwardly move and exit the processing column.
The steam which is present inside the column or processing chamber has conventionally a temperature of 130.degree. C., in order to assure a good setting of the dye.
The use of such a column derives from the fact that, during the processing operations, it is necessary that the printed side of the fabric does not rub on the cylinder since such a rubbing would damage the printed material.
This is a great limitation for the use of the above mentioned process, since the processed fabric will have, for each processing cycle, a length of only ten meters, since it would be not possible to make columns having excessively great heights.
Moreover, the use of a column or tower apparatus prevents the two step system from being applyed

2. Prior Art
Several industrial processes, such as the direct chlorination of ilmenite ores to produce titania, generate large quantities of by-product iron chlorides. Disposal of these iron chlorides poses potential pollution problems and represents an economic loss for the chlorine content of the by-products.
Harris, et al, "Process for Chlorination of Titanium Bearing Materials and for Dechlorination of Iron Chloride", in World Mining and Metals Technology, Alfred Weiss, Ed., The Society of Mining Engineers, New York, Chapter 44, pages 693-712 (August 1976), suggest that ferric chloride can be treated with oxygen in a fluidized-bed reactor in the vapor phase. The process produces chlorine gas, which can be recycled to an ilmenite chlorination process, and iron oxide by-product rather than soluble chloride wastes. According to Harris et al, the process, which was investigated on laboratory size equipment at temperatures of 500.degree. to 550.degree. C., includes: feeding preheated oxygen into the bottom of the reactor countercurrent to product iron oxide which exits to collection from the bottom of the reactor; feeding solid ferric chloride particles to the reactor; optionally feeding small amounts of carbon to furnish heat to the system; and treating in a separated stream a portion of the iron oxide collected with sodium chloride which may then be recycled to the reactor as a catalyst in an amount equal to about 25 percent by weight of the ferric chloride feed. Although this process is reported to operate satisfactorily on the laboratory scale, the authors point out that an industrial process for waste conversion of ferric chloride by dechlorination is still needed.
Others, such as Sawyer, U.S. Pat. No. 2,642,339, describe similar ferric chloride treatments in the vapor phase with oxygen in fluidized-bed reactors, but these processes do not suggest the use of supplementary fuel in the reactor. Dunn et al, U.S. Pat. No. 3,376,112, disclose carrying out the dechlorination reaction in a moving bed reactor wherein carbon-containing fuel materials, such as carbon tetrachloride, carbon monoxide, phosgene or hydrocarbons, optionally may be used. In still another process for treating iron chloride in the vapor phase with oxygen, Nelson et al, U.S. Pat. No. 3,092,456, disclose the use of a once-through, vapor-phase combustion chamber, wherein iron oxide inc

In the German registered design number 1 931 527 (assigned to E. Steinebrunner and Co. Machine Works) a device is described in which tooth brush bristles of a brush can be cut into different lengths without readjusting the machine. This requires a combination of two serated cutting heads, arranged one on top of the other. Therefore, two special serated cutting heads must be combined in a very specific way for each type of brush. A new type of brush with a different arrangement of high and low parts of the bristling material, requires a relatively tedious change in-the arrangement of the combined serated cutting heads, which is time consuming and can only be performed by expert technicians.
The most common, and cost effective method of processing toothbrushes with bristles of varying heights involves using a means of isolating bristles of a particular height during each processing step. Typically, this is done by way of a template, shield or plow to protect non-isolated bristles while the isolated ones are subjected to a processing step.
German Patent application 1 532 773 (assigned to Gottlieb Ebser) discloses a devise having an elongated deflection template (7h) which is moved down upon the head of a toothbrush, deflecting the bristles it contacts away from the select rows of bristles to be isolated. Thus the isolated bristles could be processed without disturbing the deflected bristles. This patent also describes two catch plates (8i and 8h) which wrap around and hug the outer rows of bristles while they are cut to a specific height. This patent appears to be silent on the use of end rounding.
German patent 3 415 870 (assigned to Anton Zahoransky) discloses a machine for treating the tufts of bristles and brushes such as cutting or smoothing them down. In this process pressure is exerted on the outer ends of the longer tufts of bristles by means of a u-shaped cross-sectional pressure piece. (8). Thus, pushing the longer bristles over and leaving them contained within the u-shaped bristle-retaining pressure piece.
European patent 0 078 569 (assigned to G. B. Boucherie, n.v.) relates to a device for separating rows of brush tufts. The devise utilizes a fork-like separator with two knife-like prongs. The fork is introduced through a parallel motion between

In still further preferred embodiments, the receptacle is integrated into the bottom area of the door body.
In still further preferred embodiments, the receptacle has an upper limiting surface which, when viewed in a transverse direction of the vehicle, is made approximately in the shape of an arc of a circle, with the center of the circle being located approximately at the intersection of the door panel with a central axis of an upper fastening element of the guide rails. Further, the correspondingly shaped wall section of a retaining angle is displaceably mounted on the upper limiting surface of the receptacle.
In yet further embodiments according to the present invention, the receptacle, when viewed in cross-section, is shaped approximately in a U-shape with the open side of the receptacle being directed downward. Still further, the retaining angles located on the lower edge of the guide rails are mounted such that they will not twist on receptacles of the door body.
In yet further preferred embodiments, on the upper limiting surface of the receptacle, an elongate slot opening extending in the transverse direction of the vehicle is provided through which the fastening elements pass to secure the guide rails.
In further preferred embodiments, a downwardly directed threaded bolt is mounted on the retaining angle in the vicinity of a U-shaped molding. The bolt passes through a slot opening of the receptacle. A nut is screwed onto the free, projecting end of the threaded bolt.
The primary advantages achieved with the present invention consist in the fact that by providing a displacement guide extending in the transverse direction with respect to the door window pane between the lower end of the guide rail and the door body, a simple and rapid adjustment of the door window pane is achieved both during initial assembly and at a later point in time (readjustment). It is further possible to avoid removing the interior trim of the door by providing a fastening element mountable from the underside of the door body for securing the guide rail. The components of the adjusting device according to the invention can be manufactured simply and economically. By means of the positive engagement of the body side reception device by a retaining angle mounted at the lower end of the guide rail, the guide rail is locked in the lengthwise and heightwise directions of the vehicle, and cannot twist when the nut is mounted on the threaded bolt.
The body side reception device is either made integral with a bottom area of the door body or is formed by a retaining support connected locally with the door panel.
Other objects, advantages and novel features of the

Various types of developing devices for use in a copier, facsimile, printer or the like are conventionally proposed (reference to JP2000-194194A, JP2000-194195A and JP2000-250311A). FIG. 6 shows a conventional developing device. FIG. 7 is an explanation view showing distribution of developer in a developer tank disposed on a side close to a developer carrier provided in the conventional developing device. FIG. 8 shows oblique unevenness formed by a transferring screw. As shown in FIG. 6, a developing device 220 includes a developer carrier 204 which transfers developer 210 to a developing area opposed to an image carrier 211, and develops an electrostatic latent image formed on the image carrier 211 to obtain a toner image. This developer carrier 204 includes a developing sleeve 203 including a rotatable nonmagnetic cylindrical body 201 and a magnet roller 202 which is disposed inside the developing sleeve 203, and has a plurality of fixed magnetic poles forming magnetic fields on its surface, so as to nap the developer 210 on the surface of developing sleeve 203. When napping the developer 210, carriers including the developer 210 are napped on the developing sleeve 203 along magnetic lines produced by the magnet roller 202, and the charging toner is adhered onto the carriers. The magnet roller 202 includes a plurality of magnetic poles. A magnet forming each of the magnetic poles is formed in, for example, a rod-like compact. Especially, the magnet roller 202 includes a developing major magnetic pole, which naps the developer 210, in a portion corresponding to a developing area portion of the surface of developing sleeve 203. The napped developer 210 can be moved in the circumferential direction by rotating at least one of the developing sleeve 203 and the magnet roller 202. In general, the surface of developing sleeve 203 is appropriately roughened by a sandblast in order to easily transfer the developer 210. Such roughening is mainly performed especially for a color copier and printer. A roughening process such as a groove process or sandblast process is performed to the surface of developer carrier 204, i.e., the surface of developing sleeve 203 in an image forming apparatus of an electrophotography type such as a copier, printer or facsimile, except in the case of low speed. This roughening process such as a groove process, sandblast process is conducted for preventing decrease in image concentration caused by the retention of slipped developer 210 on the surface of developing sleeve 203 which rotates at high speed.
However, in the developing device 220

2. Description of the Related Art
There exist various mechanisms in the art relating to methods for managing backup of data stored in a storage system such as a disk array device. For example, in Japanese Patent Application Laid-open Publication No. 2001-159993, there is disclosed a mechanism for restoring a database to a state at an arbitrary point of time in the past by, upon updating a database, storing data before update in a section for accumulating history, and managing information before update by taking an update time as a key. Further, in Japanese Patent Application Laid-open Publication No. 2001-125815, there is disclosed a method wherein, when an updating process is executed by a host device in view of a storage subsystem, a log containing a data-write time, a location at which data is stored, and data contents is obtained, and restoration of data is performed according to this log. Further, in Japanese Patent Application Laid-open Publication No. 8-185346, there is disclosed a data copying method wherein: a device to be backed up (a “to-be-backed-up device”) and a device used for backup (a “backup device”) are connected via a network; a table for managing update history (an “update-history management table”) is provided in the to-be-backed-up device; and with reference to the update-history management table, data in the to-be-backed-up device is copied to the backup device in a delayed manner by transmitting data in the to-be-backed-up device to the backup device in time series across a communication line.
Upon data restoration, it is ideal to restore data to a state as close as possible to that right before occurrence of trouble, in order to minimize time and/or effort for performing re-inputting and re-updating of data. Therefore, in managing data backup, it is essential to provide a mechanism for managing the generation of the backed-up data. However, in order to perform generation management, it is necessary to provide, for example, a mechanism for periodically performing backup and/or a mechanism for accumulating and recording a data-update log; this tends to lead to system complication and increase in operation load.
Meanwhile, in recent storage systems such as disk array devices, there are many cases where a method so-called mirroring (or RAID 1) is applied. Here, the same data is synchronously managed among the two storage devices X, Y which structure a mir

Classically, fly-fishing reels employ spools which have a plate on one side to which a winding handle is mounted. The spool is readily detachable from the remainder of the reel, and supplemental spool and plate assemblies can be employed to allow changing the fishing line without unwinding the line and mounting a new line to the spool. This approach has been found costly, as the supplemental spool and plate assemblies are relatively expensive. This problem is increased for fishing guides who may need to accommodate both left-handed and right-handed clients, as the guide must either provide duplicate spools wound for left- and right-handed use, or must spend considerable time unwinding and rewinding the line on the spool.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,120,003 attempts to overcome the limitations of classic fly-fishing reels by providing a reel where a single spool and plate assembly can be readily disassembled to allow a selected cartridge of line to be mounted thereon. Replacing the cartridge with another allows changing the weight of the line, and the cartridge can be reversed on the spool and plate assembly to switch between left- and right-handed use.
While the '003 patent overcomes the requirement to employ multiple spools and plate assemblies, changing from one line to another requires detaching the spool and plate assembly from the reel, then disassembling the spool and plate assembly to change the cartridge of line. This process requires manipulating a large number of separate parts, creating a risk of dropping one or more parts while attempting to change the line. To overcome this problem, U.S. Pat. No. 5,755,391 teaches a spool and plate assembly where the cartridge locks onto the plate to form the spool and plate assembly, which can subsequently be attached to the remainder of the reel. While the reel of the '391 patent appears to reduce the problems of changing line weight and switching between left- and right-handed use, changing the cartridge of the '391 reel requires the manipulation of small elements which may be difficult if the user is wearing gloves or has reduced dexterity due to cold or other environmental conditions. Furthermore, fishing reels are frequently subject to harsh use, such as being dropped in sand, and in both of these reels removal of such sand is frequently difficult due to the intricate structure of the reels.
In addition to the difficulties which occur when changing line cartridges, another limitation of the reels of the '003 and

Polarisation microscopy is a technique which uses polarised light to illuminate a sample in order to probe polarisation anisotropy in the sample, which is then used as the contrast mechanism for imaging.
Light may be polarised linearly, i.e. in a single direction, or so that the polarisation state rotates to form circularly or elliptically polarised light. For rotating polarisation, the rotation may be clockwise or anti-clockwise so that the rotation has chirality or handedness. Polarisation microscopy will most commonly look at differences in how rotating polarisation components of opposite handedness propagate through or are reflected from a sample.
The physical properties probed by polarisation anisotropy include: birefringence, luminescence (including fluorescence as used in biological sciences); and diattenuation (sometimes called dichroism, although this latter term can have other meanings).
The development of polarisation microscopy in recent decades owes a great deal to work initiated by Rudolf Oldenbourg at the Marine Biological Laboratory (MBL) in Woods Hole, Mass., USA. The trade name used by this group for microscopes following their design is “PolScope” or “LC-PolScope”, where LC refers to liquid crystal and in particular use of a pair of liquid crystal retarder plates in a so-called universal compensator in which each retarder functions as a linear retarder having a retardance amount which can be adjusted by varying an applied voltage.
The original US patent from the Oldenbourg group is U.S. Pat. No. 5,521,705 [ref. 1] which was filed in 1994 and published in 1996. A later patent is U.S. Pat. No. 7,202,950 [ref. 2] filed in 2003 and published in 2007 describes a development of the original technique which applies a defined set of four or five polarisation states to determine retardance more accurately. A relatively up-to-date description of the polarisation microscope developed from this work is the November 2003 review article: “Polarization microscopy with the LC-PolScope” [ref. 3] which is available online as a pdf document. An abridged version was published in: R. D. Goldman and D. L. Spector, editors. Live Cell Imaging: A Laboratory Manual. Cold Spring Harbor, N.Y.: Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press. p 205-37.
The “PolScope” microscope was sold under the trade mark “SpindleView” and is

The orexins bind to two high affinity receptors, referred to as orexin-1 and orexin-2 receptors. Orexin-1 and orexin-2 receptors are G-protein-coupled, seven transmembrane receptors that share over 64% amino acid sequence identity with one another. Both receptors are generally excitatory, the common cellular response to orexin-induced receptor activation being increases in intracellular calcium. Homology between the species orthologs is high and there are no known pharmacological differences. Orexin-A and -B are usually considered equal ligands for orexin-2 receptor but orexin-B is thought to be 5- to 100-fold weaker ligand than orexin-A at the orexin-1 receptor (Sakurai et al., 1998, Cell 92: 573-585; Ammoun et al., 2003, J. Pharmacol. Exp. Ther. 305: 507-514).
Many regions of the brain have fairly selective expression of the orexin-1 or orexin-2 receptors (Marcus et al., 2001, J. Comp Neurology 435, 6-25; Trivedi et al., 1998, FEBS Letters, 438, 71-75). Orexin-1 receptors are selective for the limbic system (bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and amygdala), cingulate cortex and noradrenergic neurons in the locus coeruleus. Conversely, the orexin-2 receptor is almost the exclusive orexin receptor in the histaminergic neurons in the tuberomammilary nucleus which play a critical role in wake promotion; in paraventricular neurons and the parabrachial nucleus. In other brain regions like the dorsal raphe, the ventral tegmental area or the prefontal cortex both receptors are coexpressed.
The broad CNS distribution of cells producing orexin, as well as cells expressing the orexin receptors, suggests involvement of orexin in a number of physiological functions, including feeding and metabolism, regulation of wakefulness and sleep, sympathetic activation and stress response (de Lecea, 2012, Progress in Brain Research, 198, 15-24; Kukkonen, 2013, Am J. Physiol. Cell Physiol., 304, C2-C32). Orexin also plays a key role regulating motivation and reward associated with food intake and with drugs of abuse (Mahler et al., 2012, Progress in Brain Research, 198

In current packaging technology bottles and other containers with bottle-like closures used generally for storing and selling liquids are of ever increasing importance. Generally two kinds of closures are used for bottles: in a simpler case the bottle is closed with a flanged cap which can be removed from the bottle only by the deformation of the cap. This is unsuitable for reclosing bottles, such as beer bottles. In other cases a thread is formed on the bottle neck and after the bottle is filled a threaded cap is screwed onto it. This screw cap often also has a collar portion that is pressed onto the bottle neck to demonstrate the untouched state of the bottle.
When opening the bottle, the cap becomes detached at the perforation from the collar that was pressed onto the bottle neck. Then the cap can be repeatedly unscrewed from, or respectively repeatedly screwed onto, the bottle.
Qualitative fluctuations in bottling technology, strength-parameters of the cap material, dimensional tolerances of the bottle and the quality of formation of perforation result in that the cap can be very often removed from the bottle only with difficulty. This causes problems even for persons with average physical strength not to mention the significant numbers of somewhat weaker juveniles and elderly people. As a consequence, many auxiliary devices became known for loosening caps that can be opened with difficulty or not at all. The common characteristic of such devices lies in that an increased turning torque can be exerted by pressing them generally onto the outer cylindrical surface of the cap and in the majority of cases the jammed cap can thus be screwed off the bottle.
A device similar to pliers is widely used in the catering trade, as well as in households for loosening the threaded caps of bottles. The curved clamping plates of this device can be pressed on the outer mantle of the cap by the aid of the grip of the device and the jammed cap can be screwed off the bottle neck when engaging it with the teeth.
The disadvantage of this device is that the plate-like clamping jaws cause an irreparable deformation or destruction of the cap and it becomes unsuitable for the repeated sealed closing of the bottle.
A device is disclosed in Hungarian Patent Specification No. 3428/84 which is suitable for undoing a threaded cap arranged on the neck of a bottle. The device is formed with a cavity having the shape of a rotary body and a geometry following that of the outer surface of a bottle cap. The cavity is open at one end and widens conically towards the open end. A conical thread is formed on

Rotary systems are generally used in drilling oil and gas wells. These systems depend upon rotation of a string of drill pipe to the bottom of which is attached a drill bit. The bit cuts into the formation causing the cuttings to accumulate as drilling continues. A drilling fluid is used which lubricates the drill bit and carries cuttings to the surface for removal. This allows the bit to continue functioning and the bottom hole to be clean and free of cuttings. The drilling fluid is also the source of pressure which is exerted against the formation. Even in other drilling systems, drilling fluids are still needed to remove bore hole cuttings and to otherwise perform functions related to drilling fluids.
Oil and gas producing formations are generally porous layers having varying degrees of permeability to the flow of fluids such as oil, water or gas. When drilling throgh such porous formations, it is essential to employ drilling fluids having characteristics such that excessive amounts of the drilling fluid do not penetrate the porous formation. Drilling fluids have a tendency to penetrate the formation because the pressure in the bore hole is greater than the pressure opposing it which comes from the formation. Should excess penetration occur, there is loss of drilling fluid into the formation resulting in loss of pressure, inability to drill and remove cuttings and in the case of loss from brine muds, extra expense because of their cost. Mere filter cake formation on the wall of the bore hole does not adequately eliminate fluid loss.
Various materials have been added to drilling fluids to control fluid loss and have included materials such as pregelatinized starch, sodium carboxymethyl cellulose, sodium polyacrylates and lignites.
U.S. Pat. No. 2,718,497--Oldham et al, Sept. 20, 1955, disclose that polymers of acrylic acid when added to drilling muds reduce fluid loss of same. The muds to which the polymer is added is added do not contain significant quantities of soluble calcium or chloride ions.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,293,427--Lucas et al, Oct. 6, 1981 describe copolymers of (1) a (meth)acrylamido alkyl sulfonic acid, including AMPS, and (2) a (meth)acrylamide or N-alkyl (meth)acrylamide or cross-linked copolymer thereof as filtration control agents for drilling fluids in subterranean formations. Other filtration control agents for drilling fluids are referred to as well.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,

1. Field of Invention
The present invention relates to a fabrication method for a semiconductor device, and more particularly, the present invention related to a fabrication method for an electrically erasable programmable read only memory (EEPROM) or a flash electrically erasable programmable read only memory (FLASH EEPROM).
2. Description of Related Art
The operation of a split-gate FLASH EEPROM can be performed by channel hot electron injection (CHEI) from a source to a floating gate. In such a method, a high source-to-floating gate coupling ratio is required in order to couple a high voltage from the source side to the floating gate side.
FIGS. 1 is a schematic, cross-sectional top view of a split-gate flash memory device according to the prior art. The structure of the split-gate flash memory device includes a substrate 10, comprising a source region 18 and a drain region 20. A gate oxide layer 12, a floating gate 14, a dielectric layer 16, and a control gate 18 are formed in sequence on the substrate 10.
However, a high source-to-floating gate coupling ratio needs a wide source 18 junction to floating gate 14 overlapped region 22 to provide electrons with enough energy to inject into the floating gate 14. That is, a very deep source junction is required. Unfortunately, the very deep source junction causes a restriction when scaling a cell down.
Therefore, the present invention provides a stacked source structure, which is applicable on a split-gate flash memory device. A stacked source structure provides a wide vertical interface between a source junction and a floating gate, and keeps the overlap between the stacked source structure of horizontal direction and floating gate as minimum as possible. Hence, the invention can greatly improve the capability for scaling the split-gate flash memory device down.
The invention provides a split-gate flash memory that has a stacked source structure with a source coupling with a plurality of floating gates. The stacked source structure comprises a source in the substrate and a vertical polysilicon pillar formed on the source in order to increase the source-to-floating gate coupling ratio. The stacked source structure has a vertically extended polysilicon pillar on the substrate, the vertical interface area between the stacked source structure and a floating gate is increased, and the overlap between the stacked source structure of horizontal direction and the floating gate is kept as minimum as possible. Hence, the invention can greatly improve the capability for scaling the split-gate flash memory device down. Meanwhile, the polysil

Bar code symbols are formed from bars or elements that are typically rectangular in shape with a variety of possible widths. The specific arrangement of elements defines the character represented according to a set of rules and definitions specified by the code or "symbology" used. The relative size of the bars and spaces is determined by the type of coding used, as is the actual size of the bars and spaces. The number of characters per inch represented by the bar code symbol is referred to as the density of the symbol. To encode a desired sequence of characters, a collection of element arrangements are concatenated together to form the complete bar code symbol, with each character of the message being represented by its own corresponding group of elements. In some symbologies a unique "start" and "stop" character is used to indicate where the bar code begins and ends. A number of different bar code symbologies exist. These symbologies include UPC/EAN, Code 39, Code 128, Codabar, and Interleaved 2 of 5.
For purpose of discussion, characters recognized and defined by a symbology shall be referred to as legitimate characters, while characters not recognized and defined by that symbology are referred to as illegitimate characters. Thus, an arrangement of elements not decodable by a given symbology corresponds to an illegitimate character(s) for that symbology.
In order to increase the amount of data that can be represented or stored On a given amount of surface area, several new bar code symbologies have recently been developed. One of these new code standards, Code 49, introduces a "two-dimensional" concept by stacking rows of characters vertically instead of extending the bars horizontally. That is, there are several rows of bar and space patterns, instead of only one row. The structure of Code 49 is described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,794,239, which is hereby incorporated by reference.
A one-dimensional single-line scan, as ordinarily provided by hand-held readers, has disadvantages in reading these two dimensional bar codes; that is, the reader must be aimed at each row, individually. Likewise, the multiple-scan-line readers produce a number of scan lines at an angle to one another so these are not suitable for recognizing a Code 49 type of two-dimensional symbols.
In the scanning systems known in the art, the light beam is directed by a lens or similar optical components along a light path toward a target that includes a bar code symbol on the surface. The scanning functions by rep

The present invention relates to a method of detection of DNA and protein and of DNA base sequencing determination and to an apparatus therefor.
It relates more particularly to a fluorescence detection type gel electrophoresis apparatus.
For DNA base sequencing by electrophoresis gel separation, a radioisotope label has been used as a label for a DNA fragment. Due to the inconvenience of this method, however, a method of using a fluorophore label has come to be increasingly employed. See, for example, U.S. patent application Ser. No. 07/506,986 (U.S. Pat. No. 5,062,942) and Bio/Technology Vol. 6, July 1988, pp. 816-821, for example.) As an excitation light source, this method uses an argon laser with an output of 20 to 50 mw and a wavelength of 488 nm or 515 nm to detect a DNA fragment of 10.sup.-16 mole/band to 2.times.10.sup.-18 mole/band. As fluorophores, the method has used FITC (fluorescein isothiocyanate with a maximum emission wavelength of 515 nm), SF (succinyl fluorescein with a maximum emission wavelength of 510 nm to 540 nm), TRITC (tetrarhodamine isothiocyanate with a maximum emission wavelength of 580 nm) and Texas Red (sulforhodamine 101 with a maximum emission wavelength of 615 nm).
Normally, electrophoresis is performed with a polyacrylamide gel plate which is provided between two glass plates. In recent years, a capillary gel electrophoresis method has been developed, where gel is formed in a capillary. Use of a capillary having a smaller diameter increases the surface area per volume of gel; this feature facilities the dissipation of Joule heat, permitting application of high voltage. A high-speed electrophoresis separation is provided by the capillary gel electrophoresis method.
The first examples of the capillary gel electrophoresis method in the prior art are described in Nucleic Acid Research, Vol. 18, No. 6, pp. 1415 to 1419 (1990), Journal of Chromatography, Vol. 516, pp. 61-67 (1990), and Science, Vol. 242, pp. 562-564 (1988). Another method of using one migration lane for base sequence determination is disclosed in Nature, Vol. 321, pp. 674-679 (1986) and elsewhere.
The above-mentioned conventional technique, however, has disadvantages in that the sensitivity is insufficient,

Each transducer commonly comprises a piezoelectric element and is mounted in a block of suitable material to form a search unit. Upon receipt of a suitable voltage spike, each piezoelectric element transmits an ultrasonic signal into a material with which the search unit is in intimate accoustical contact. Conversely, upon receipt of a suitable ultrasonic signal from the material, each piezoelectric element produces a voltage signal proportional to the pressure amplitude of the ultrasonic signal incident on the element. The amplitude and shape of the voltage signal produced upon receipt of an ultrasonic signal reflected from a particular acoustic discontinuity (e.g. a flaw) provides information about the discontinuity. Also, the delay time of the returned signal relative to the transmitted signal, when coupled with information concerning the position and orientation of the search unit with respect to the part under inspection and information concerning the central rays or beams emitted or transmitted by the search unit or a separate pitch search unit, provides an indication of the location of the particular acoustic discontinuity.
In addition, the orientation of the piezoelectric element with respect to the surface of the material to be inspected determines both the direction of ultrasonic wave propagation in the material and the mode of wave propagation. When the piezoelectric element is parallel to the surface of the material to be inspected, that is, when the element is situated so that its planar faces are perpendicular or normal to the surface, the piezoelectric element produces ultrasonic waves in the material in the longitudinal mode. In the longitudinal mode, the particle motion in the host material is parallel to the direction of wave propagation. When the piezoelectric element is inclined at an angle to the surface of the material to be inspected greater than zero but less than the first critical angle, the element produces ultrasonic waves in the material in both the longitudinal and shear wave mode by the mode conversion process. Alternatively, when the piezoelectric element is inclined above the first critical angle with respect to the surface of the material to be inspected, the element produces by mode conversion shear mode waves travelling at a certain angle in the material with respect to the material surface. In particular, a piezoelectric transducer element inclined in a search unit at an angle greater than the first critical angle with respect to the surface of the material to be inspected completely suppresses the creation of longitudinal mode waves in the host material by mode conversion, leaving only shear mode waves propagating in the material. In the shear mode, the particle motion in the host material is transverse to the direction of wave propagation.
Ultrasonic inspection or testing techniques are used for detecting material flaws in a number of situations and are particularly valuable in detecting flaws in

A coordinates detecting device comprises: an electromagnetic device such as a pen, cursor, or the like; means for supplying a sine wave voltage having a predetermined frequency to the electromagnetic device; a tablet in which X-axis conductors and Y-axis conductors are arranged in a periodic pattern; and an arithmetic and control section for processing signals which are provided by the conductors when the electromagnetic device is placed on the tablet, to calculate the position of the electromagnetic device.
The coordinates detecting device will be described with reference to FIG. 1.
FIG. 1 is a block diagram of the coordinates detecting device. In FIG. 1, reference numeral 1 designates a sine wave generating circuit for generating a sine wave having a predetermined frequency; 2, an amplifier for amplifying the sine wave voltage of the sine wave generating circuit 1; 3, a cursor having a resistor 3R and a coil 3L; 4, a tablet in which conductors such as X-axis conductors and Y-axis conductors are arranged in a predetermined pattern; and 5, an arithmetic and control section for processing a signal which is outputted by the tablet 4 when the cursor 3 is placed on the tablet 4.
The conductors arranged in the tablet and their output voltages will be described.
FIG. 2A is a wiring diagram of the X-axis conductors in the tablet, and FIGS. 2B and 2C are waveform diagrams showing voltages inducted in the conductors. FIG. 2 is for the X-axis conductors only. The X-axis conductors as shown in FIG. 2A are made up of a cosine line 6 and a sine line 7. The cosine line 6 and the sine line 7 are equal in the pitch of one period (having a pitch p) and are arranged in such a manner that the sine line 7 is shifted as much as a 1/4 p from the cosime line 6. The ends of the cosine line 6 are connected to terminals a.sub.1 and a.sub.2, and the ends of the sine line 7 are connected to terminals b.sub.1 and b.sub.2. FIGS. 2B and 2C show the voltages which are developed when the cursor 3 is placed on the tablet as shown in FIG. 1. More specifically, FIG. 2B shows the waveform of the voltage Vc which is developed across the terminals a.sub.1 and a.sub.2 of the cosine line 6, and FIG. 2C shows the waveform of the voltage Vs which is developed

FIGS. 4a to 5b show a conventional multistage adjustable sprinkler. A center of the sprinkler is formed with multiple water outlets 71. A periphery of the sprinkler is formed with multiple sprinkling holes 72. A user can turn a rotary disc to selectively discharge the water from the outlets 71 or the sprinkling holes 72.
A ring 74 and a fixing tray 75 are disposed in the sprinkler. The ring 74 is rotatable along with the rotary disc. The circumference of the ring 74 facing the sprinkling holes 72 is formed with multiple projecting cleaning pins 741 corresponding to the sprinkling holes 72. The circumference of the ring 74 is further formed with multiple projecting blocks 742 distal from the sprinkling holes 72. The fixing tray 75 is formed with upward inclined guide faces 751 corresponding to the projecting blocks 742 of the ring 74.
When a user desires to clean the sprinkling holes 72, the user can turn the rotary disc to rotate the ring 74. The projecting blocks 742 of the ring 74 will move upward along the guide faces 751 of the fixing tray 75. Accordingly, the cleaning pins 741 will extend out through the sprinkling holes 72 to clean up the dirt clogging the sprinkling holes 72.
The center of a domestic wave generator is formed with a bubbling hole. The periphery of the wave generator is formed with multiple sprinkling holes. In the case that dirty accumulates on the wall of the sprinkling hole, the water flowing through the sprinkling hole will impact the dirt and irregularly sprinkle. This affects the using state. For example, the irregularly sprinkling water will splash onto the clothes of the user or wet unexpected area such as the floor. This leads to inconvenience. Therefore, it is also necessary to clean the sprinkling holes of the wave generator.
The aforesaid cleaning structure can be applied to the wave generator. However, the wave generator is screwed on a connector provided with a circular connector 51 (with reference to FIG. 1), whereby a user can move the wave generator to change the angle thereof so as to adjust the sprinkling direction of the water flow. In the case that the rotary disc of the sprinkler is applied to the wave generator, when turning the rotary disc, the wave generator will be moved along with the rotary disc. Accordingly, the user needs to hold the wave generator with the other hand. This is troublesome.
Moreover, even if the wave generator is fixed and the angle thereof is un

With the advent of the World Wide Web and Internet, the volume of publicly available information has grown at an unprecedented rate. In order to make sense of this ever-expanding collection, significant attention has been paid to the development of improved document searching techniques, such as search engines and the like. While such techniques have greatly improved the speed, cost and accuracy of locating relevant documents in an essentially unstructured knowledge base, the realm of entity retrieval and ranking, until recently, has been the subject of limited research. As used herein, an entity is defined by its ability to be described by one or more nouns, e.g., a person, place or thing. By way of non-limiting example, in the context of commercial enterprises, entities may comprise employees, clients, projects, partners, alliances, facility locations, competitors, etc. Of course, similar entities will be readily apparent in numerous endeavors beyond the commercial context. Regardless, the ability to quickly identify entities relevant to a given topic of interest will find application in a wide variety of applications.
For example, referring again to the commercial context, the preparation of business proposals may be made more efficient if one is able to quickly identify subject matter experts within the organization submitting the proposal. In a similar vein, the ability to accurately identify the most qualified potential team members with specific skill sets would improve project staffing. Further still, identifying the best vendors for certain equipment or service needs would be greatly simplified through provision of a system that enables quick and accurate identification of relevant entities. Stated more generally, various knowledge management tasks can be greatly simplified or assisted by delivering relevant information about entities to those responsible for such knowledge management tasks.
Currently, it is very difficult to retrieve entity-related information. In a business context, any commercial enterprise search engine, in a manner akin to web search engines, will yield a list of documents relevant to a particular topic query. However, such engines are of little help in retrieving a reliable ranked list of entities relevant to the topic, and it is left to the requester to sift through the returned documents to identify any particularly relevant entities.
More recently, entity, and especially expert, ranking has received a growing amount of attention. For example, the Initiative for the Evaluation of XML Retrieval (INEX) has introduced an entity ranking track. Such systems currently rely on the retrieved entities being marked up with Extensible Markup Language (XML). However, not all content within a given knowledge base may have entities tagged with appropriate mark-up.

The use of conventional upwardly opening cups for holding a quantity of a liquid beverage for consumption by a child will typically lead to spilled liquid beverage both on the child and on the floor. Sipping cups having a sealable lid with an upwardly opening spout provide a somewhat more controlled and less messy administration of a liquid beverage to a child and are well known.
Administering a liquid medicant or medicine to a young child may also be somewhat problematic, especially if the liquid medicine has a strong or offensive taste or smell. A number of prior art devices are known to simultaneously administer both a liquid beverage and a liquid medicant to the child through a rigid or flexible upper spout or nipple and are disclosed in the following U.S. Patents.                U.S. Pat. No. 4,810,245 issued to Aagesen        U.S. Pat. No. 5,129,532 issued to Martin        U.S. Pat. No. 5,244,122 issued to Botts        U.S. Pat. No. 5,938,054 issued to Verbovszky        U.S. Pat. No. 5,824,012 issued to Burchett et al.        U.S. Pat. No. 5,542,922 issued to Petterson, et al.        U.S. Pat. No. 5,383,906 issued to Burchett et al.        U.S. Pat. No. 5,176,705 issued to Noble        U.S. Pat. No. 6,200,295 issued to Burchett et al.        U.S. Pat. No. 6,270,519 issued to Botts        U.S. Pat. No. 5,487,750 issued to Burchett et al.        U.S. Pat. No. 6,139,566 issued to Bennett        U.S. Pat. No. 3,302,644 issued to Kennedy et al.        U.S. Pat. No. 4,821,895 issued to Roskilly        U.S. Pat. No. 5,431,680 to Jones        U.S. Pat. No. 5,598,939 to Watson et al.        
Of particular interest is the cup with cover invented by Aagesen in U.S. Pat. No. 4,810,245. This disclosure does teach a rigid molded cup having a

An example of a method for practicing the technique of shearography appears in U.S. Pat. No. 4,139,302, the disclosure of which is incorporated by reference herein. In the latter patent, the shearing is accomplished by placing a wedge-shaped prism along a portion of a lens. The light beams which pass through the prism are displaced relative to the beams which do not pass through the prism. Thus, the lens and wedge system produces two laterally-displaced images of the object.
The main disadvantage of methods for shearography of the prior art is the high spatial frequency of the patterns produced. Spatial frequency means the number of fringe lines per unit length. When the spatial frequency is too high, it is necessary to record the interference pattern on high-resolution photographic film. It will be shown later that the spatial frequency of a fringe pattern is given by
f=(2 sin (.alpha./2))/.lambda.
where
.alpha.=the angle made by two interfering rays, and
.lambda.=the wavelength of the light.
Because .lambda. is normally very small compared with the value of .alpha., the spatial frequency can become quite large. For example, if .alpha.=20.degree., and if .lambda.=0.5 microns, then the spatial frequency is about 700 lines per millimeter. It is not possible to view patterns having such fine detail with a video camera; instead, one must use a high-resolution photographic film.
In some cases, one might try to reduce the spatial frequency by reducing .alpha., such as by increasing the distance between the lens and the image. But the latter procedure would have the effect of greatly magnifying the image, and is therefore, at best, unwieldy, and, at worst, virtually unworkable. When the image and lens are moved far apart from each other, the image becomes so large that a video camera would need to scan the image almost point by point. Moreover, the overall intensity of the pattern would decrease, requiring a coherent light source of higher power. Also, in a wedge-shearing system, the interfering beams come from two halves of the lens, and thus the angle between the interfering beams is inherently large. Thus, the wedge-shearing technique inherently produces an interference pattern of high spatial frequency which is beyond the resolving capability of a video camera.
Another disadvantage of wedge-shearing technique is the need for optical filtering of the interference pattern. The high spatial frequency of the fringes produced

IAPs are overexpressed in many cancers including renal, melanoma, colon, lung, breast, ovarian and prostate cancers (Tamm et al., Clin. Cancer Research 2000; 6(5): 1796-803), and have been implicated in tumour growth, pathogenesis and resistance to chemo- and radio-therapy (Tamm 2000).
XIAP
XIAP is a 57 kDa protein with three BIR domains, the second and third of which bind caspases and a RING-type zinc finger (E3 ligase). XIAP binds several proteins in addition to caspases, including ligation substrates such as TAK1 and cofactor TAB1, MURR1 involved in copper homeostasis (Burstein et al., EMBO 2004; 23: 244-254), endogenous inhibitors such as second mitochondria-derived activator of caspases (SMAC), and those of less clear function such as MAGE-D1, NRAGE (Jordan et al., J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 39985-39989).
The BIR3 domain binds and inhibits caspase-9, an apical caspase in the mitochondrial pathway of caspase activation. A groove on the surface of the BIR3 domain interacts with the N-terminus of the small subunit of caspase-9, locking capsase-9 in its inactive monomeric form with an incompetent catalytic site (Shiozaki et al., Mol. Cell 2003; 11: 519-527).
In addition to caspase-binding, XIAP also inhibits apoptosis through other mechanisms. XIAP forms a complex with TAK1 kinase and its cofactor TAB1 that leads to activation of JNK and MAPK signal transduction pathways, in turn leading to activation of NFκB (Sanna et al., Mol Cell Biol 2002; 22: 1754-1766). XIAP also activates NFκB by promoting NFκB translocation to the nucleus and degradation of IκB (Hofer-Warbinek et al., J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 22064-22068, Levkau et al., Circ. Res. 2001; 88: 282-290).
Cells transfected with XIAP are able to block programmed cell death in response to a variety of apoptotic stimuli (Duckett et al., EMBO 1996; 15: 2685-2694, Duckett et al., MCB 1998; 18: 608-615, Bratton, Lewis, Butterworth, Duckett and Cohen, Cell Death and Differentiation 2002

The present invention relates to the field of Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs). More particularly the invention relates to an Access Point (AP) in a WLAN, a method for selecting a channel for an access point (AP) and a method for assisting the AP in selecting a channel.
2. Description of the Related Art
The deployment of WLANs based on the 802.11 standard has increased dramatically in the past few years. For the purpose of occupying the market and providing seamless coverage, multiple service providers independently deploy WLANs in the same range, and moreover each deployment involves multiple Access Points (APs). The APs based on the 802.11a standard are rarely seen in the market due to transmission distance problems and incompatibilities with the 802.11b standard. Other Access Point supported standards such as 802.11b and 802.11g can only support three non-overlapping transmission channels (i.e., channel 1, channel 6 and channel 11). As a result, a terminal always finds multiple APs operating on the same channel and within that terminal's sensing range.
As known by those skilled in the art, WLANs are based on a carrier sensing mechanism to share channels, which results in each terminal having to share channels with all APs and terminals operating on the same channel and within its carrier sensing range. The available bandwidth for each client is thus limited. There have been some alternative solutions for selecting a channel.
One manner is to monitor, by an AP, channels used by other APs, and then to select, by the AP, a channel where there are the fewest APs operating so as to reduce conflicts.
Another manner is to select, by the same service provider, different channels for APs deployed in the same coverage area. However, in the network environment as shown in FIG. 1, such manners for selecting a channel will have a negative impact on the service quality experienced by a terminal 110. For example, it is assumed that in the WLAN shown in FIG. 1, APs 101 and 102 are within the sensing range of terminal 110 and can provide services therefore. AP 101 and AP 102 are respectively out of each other's sensing range.
In the case of AP 101 selecting channel 1, AP 102 also selects channel 1 since it does not detect other APs in its sensing range. However, the terminal 110 can detect that there are two APs operating in channel 1. The terminal 110 will be interfered by signals sent on channel

Polymer coatings of thicknesses which are less than about 51 micrometers (2 mils) are typically used in the metal finishing industry to protect metals from corroding and to give them a decorative appearance. Coatings of thicknesses greater than about 51 micrometers are more difficult to obtain and have application in special areas such as insulating coatings in electrical applications such as dielectric receivers and also for free standing films, such as seamless belts. These thick coatings are more difficult to obtain by conventional processes such as spray or dip coating. These conventional processes require repeated applications of thin coatings to obtain thick films. Other limitations of the spray coating process are high equipment cost for air handling, spray equipment and solvent recovery. Also, this process requires extensive factory space for equipment and processing. For polymer film belts, elaborate handling procedures and machinery are also needed for removing a belt after it is formed. Thus, fabrication techniques such as spray and dip coating systems encounter sagging, multiple application steps, long curing times, sizable equipment space requirements, high cost and other associated problems.
Most belts normally have a thickness greater than about 254 micrometers (10 mils) and are usually formed by molding or lamination. Molding is carried out in complex and expensive molds. Molded articles contain flashings that require removal to achieve a smooth outer surface. Laminated belts are usually prepared by applying alternate layers of thermoplastic sheets and reinforcing fabrics. These materials are relatively thick and stiff, and are not suitable for extended cycling over small diameter pulleys or rolls. Other types of belts have been prepared by welding opposite ends of sheets together to form belts having an undesirable seam.
Originally, photoreceptors for electrophotographic imaging systems comprised selenium alloys vacuum deposited on rigid aluminum substrates. Photoreceptors have also been prepared by coating rigid substrates with photoconductive particles dispersed in an organic film forming binder. Coating of rigid drum substrates has been effected by various techniques such as spraying, dip coating, vacuum evaporation, and the like. Rigid drum photoreceptors limit copier and printer design flexibility, are less desirable for flash exposure and are expensive.
Flexible organic photoreceptors in the form of belts have recently become popular. These flexible photoreceptors are manufactured by coating a web and thereafter shearing the web into segments which are then formed into belts by welding opposite ends of the sheared web. The resulting welded seam on the photoreceptor disrupts the continuity of the outer surface of the photoreceptor and must be indexed so that it does not print out during an imaging cycle. In other

FIG. 8A illustrates the shape of a liquid crystal molecule which is viewed from the side at an angle and FIG. 8B illustrates the shape of a liquid crystal molecule which is viewed from the front of a vertical alignment LCD device. In FIG. 8A, no voltage is applied and the axis of the liquid crystal molecule is in parallel with the absorption axis of the analyzer. No light is transmitted. On the other hand, the voltage is applied in FIG. 8B and the axis of the liquid crystal molecule is offset from the axis of the polarizer or the axis of the analyzer. Consequently, birefringence of the liquid crystal molecule occurs and light is transmitted.
Light leakage phenomenon may substantially lower display contrast in the horizontal direction. As a result, data may not be recognizable when the display is viewed in the horizontal direction. Confidentiality of the display may be obtained using this light leakage phenomenon. FIG. 9 illustrates specific construction for controlling confidentiality of the display. In FIG. 9, a single pixel includes sub-pixels of red, green and blue (RGB) and a sub-pixel of white (W). FIG. 10 illustrates an arrangement of liquid crystal molecules of the respective sub-pixels shown in FIG. 9. As shown in FIG. 10, the alignment of the liquid crystal molecules in the white sub-pixel is different from those of the liquid crystal molecules in the RGB sub-pixels. Specifically, the liquid crystal molecules are aligned upward and downward in the white sub-pixel. Consequently, when no voltage is applied to the white sub-pixel, the white sub-pixel does not contribute to the display. Accordingly, a normal display may be realized. When the voltage is applied to the white sub-pixel, the white display appears in the horizontal direction. The contrast of the display is lowered in the horizontal viewing angle alignment. Accordingly, it is difficult for other people to view the displayed image.
Another related art LCD device is a fringe field switching (FFS) mode LCD device, which includes a common electrode in shape of “<” to improve a viewing angle. FIG. 11 is a plan view illustrating each of RGB pixels for a related art FFS mode LCD device. FIG. 12 illustrates operations of liquid crystal molecules as a voltage is applied to the related art FFS mode LCD device. As shown in FIG. 11, the related art FFS mode LCD device includes a common electrode which is formed in shape of “<” to regulate the inclination direction of liquid crystal.


The use of strain gauges and apparatus for measuring chest impedance changes generally require the animal to be tethered to the test equipment via electrical leads and the like. This does not lend itself to chronic testing and, moreover, strain gauges are quite sensitive to movement artifacts that can mask the desired signal output. Diaphragmatic EMG measurements can be used to determine respiratory rate, but electrode placement requires a higher skilled surgeon, and electrical noise from ECG and other sources can make accurate detection of respiration difficult.
To allow for animal mobility, it has proven advantageous to surgically implant sensors within the animal along with a telemetry transmitter so that the sensed signals can be electronically transmitted to an external receiver without the need for exteriorized conductive leads or catheters. U.S. Pat. No. 4,846,191 to Brockway, et al., owned by applicant's assignee, describes an implantable blood pressure sensing and telemetering device suitable for long-term use in a variety of laboratory animals. A solid-state pressure sensor is fluid coupled to a selected blood vessel and the signal produced by the sensor is amplified, digitized and transmitted, transcutaneously, to an external receiver by means of a battery-powered transmitter. Once the blood pressure data are received, they are signal processed to recover features thereof, such as mean systolic pressure, mean diastolic pressure, mean arterial pressure, heart rate, etc. The Brockway et al. '191 patent also recognizes that the pressure sensing system used therein can be adapted to monitor intrathoracic pressure from which respiratory rate and other respiratory parameters can be derived. However, if it is desired to chronically monitor both blood pressure and respiratory activity following the teachings of the Brockway et al. patent, plural sensors and at least one telemetry transmitter with a multiplexing capability is required.
The Kahn et al. U.S. Pat. No. 4,860,759 demonstrates the combined use of transthoracic impedance and strain gauge sensors to monitor respiration rate. The approach disclosed in the Kahn et al. patent suffers from many shortcomings, not the least of which is the quality of the resulting data.
An example of the use of multiple, chronically implanted sensors in laboratory animals is described in R. Rubini et al., Power Spectrum Analysis of Cardiovascular Variability Monitored By Telemetry in Conscious, Unrestrained Rats, Journal of the Autonomic Nervous System, vol: 45, at 181-190 (1993). In the experiments described in

2. Description of the State of the Art
This invention relates to radially expandable endoprostheses, that are adapted to be implanted in a bodily lumen. An “endoprosthesis” corresponds to an artificial device that is placed inside the body. A “lumen” refers to a cavity of a tubular organ such as a blood vessel. A stent is an example of such an endoprosthesis. Stents are generally cylindrically shaped devices that function to hold open and sometimes expand a segment of a blood vessel or other anatomical lumen such as urinary tracts and bile ducts. Stents are often used in the treatment of atherosclerotic stenosis in blood vessels. “Stenosis” refers to a narrowing or constriction of a bodily passage or orifice. In such treatments, stents reinforce body vessels and prevent restenosis following angioplasty in the vascular system. “Restenosis” refers to the reoccurrence of stenosis in a blood vessel or heart valve after it has been treated (as by balloon angioplasty, stenting, or valvuloplasty) with apparent success.
Stents are typically composed of scaffolding that includes a pattern or network of interconnecting structural elements or struts, formed from wires, tubes, or sheets of material rolled into a cylindrical shape. This scaffolding gets its name because it physically holds open and, if desired, expands the wall of the passageway. Typically, stents are capable of being compressed or crimped onto a catheter so that they can be delivered to and deployed at a treatment site.
Delivery includes inserting the stent through small lumens using a catheter and transporting it to the treatment site. Deployment includes expanding the stent to a larger diameter once it is at the desired location. Mechanical intervention with stents has reduced the rate of restenosis as compared to balloon angioplasty. Yet, restenosis remains a significant problem. When restenosis does occur in the stented segment, its treatment can be challenging, as clinical options are more limited than for those lesions that were treated solely with a balloon.
Stents are used not only for mechanical intervention but also as vehicles for providing biological therapy. Biological therapy uses medicated stents to locally administer a therapeutic substance. Effective concentrations at the treated site require systemic drug administration which often produces adverse or even toxic side effects. Local delivery is a preferred treatment method because it administers smaller total medication levels than systemic methods, but concentrates the drug at a specific site. Local delivery thus produces fewer side effects and achieves better

The present invention relates to active compound combinations and compostions for reducing the damage of plants and plant parts as well as losses in harvested fruits or vegetables caused by insects, nematodes or phytopathogens and which have fungicidal or nematicidal or insecticidal activity including any combination of the three activities, in particular within a composition, which comprises (A) Fluopyram, (B) a spore-forming bacterium of the genera Bacillus, selected from Bacillus firmus, Bacillus cereus, Bacillus pumilis, Bacillus amyloliquefaciens, Bacillus subtilis strain GB03, Bacillus subtilis strain QST713, and (C) at least one biological control agent, in particular bacteria, fungi or yeasts, protozoa, viruses, entomopathogenic nematodes, inoculants, botanicals and products produced by microorganisms including proteins or secondary metabolites. Moreover, the invention relates to a method for curatively or preventively controlling insects, nematodes or phytopathogens on the plant, plant parts, harvested fruits or vegetables, to the use of a combination according to the invention for the treatment of seed, to a method for protecting a seed and not at least to the treated seed.
2. Description of Related Art
Fluopyram is defined to be the compound of the formula (I)
as well as the N-oxides of the compound thereof.
Fluopyram is a broad spectrum fungicide of the chemical class of pyridylethylbenzamide derivatives with penetrant and translaminar properties for foliar, drip, drench and seed treatment applications on a wide range of different crops against many economically important plant diseases. It is very effective in preventative applications against powdery mildew species, grey mould and white mould species. It has an efficacy against many other plant diseases. Fluopyram has shown activity in spore germination, germ tube elongation and mycelium growth tests. At the biochemical level, fluopyram inhibits mitochondrial respiration by blocking the electron transport in the respiratory chain of Succinate Dehydrogenase (complex II—SDH inhibitor).
Fluopyram and its manufacturing process starting from known and commercially available compounds is described in EP-A 1 531 673 and WO 2004/016088.
A general description of the nematicidal activity of pyridylethylbenzamide derivatives is found in WO-A 2008/126922. A description of nematicidal activity of B

The VRAM 5a is, for example, a dynamic random access memory (DRAM) provided with writing and reading ports, and performs addressing for each horizontal line.
A timing generating circuit 6a generates timing signals necessary for other circuits. A data reading circuit 7a reads video data stored in the VRAM 5a (see FIG. 4). Accordingly, the data writing circuit 4a stores data (Y0, U0; Y1, V0; Y2, U2; Y3, V2; . . . ) at sequential memory addresses for each horizontal line in the VRAM 5a, and the data reading circuit 7a reads the data for each horizontal line at address pointers H1, H2, . . . , and the data size.
A television (TV)-system signal processing circuit 8a outputs TV digital video signals by performing the signal processing (chroma encoding, band correction, composing, etc.) of the Y, U, and V signals read by the data reading circuit 7a. 
Digital-to-analog (D/A) converters 9a and 9b convert the digital video signals into analog video signals. Low-pass filters (LPFs) 10a and 10b block high-frequency noise components generated when D/A conversion is performed. A gain adjustment circuit 11a adjusts video signals from the LPF 10b to have a signal level adapted for liquid crystal display.
A liquid crystal controller 12a generates driving pulses necessary for liquid crystal display, and converts TV signals from the gain adjustment circuit 11a into signals for liquid crystal display. A liquid crystal display panel 13a displays a visible image based on signals from the liquid crystal controller 12a. 
A video amplifier 14a outputs video signals from through the LPF 10a at a TV-signal level and impedance. A television (TV) monitor 15a uses a color television broadcasting system such as the NTSC or PAL system to display images.
The operation of the above-described conventional video-signal processing apparatus is described below.
The picture signal from the CCD sensor 1a is converted into a digital video signal by the A/D converter 2a, and is processed by the signal processing circuit 3a to generate luminance signal Y, and chroma signals U and V. The Y signal is obtained by performing color carrier elimination, aperture correction, gamma conversion, etc. The U signal represents the chroma between blue and the Y signal, and the V signal represents the chroma between

A common occurrence and nuisance in external wall and window AC units is the condensate water dripping from the unit. The condensate water, formed when hot air is blown across the cooling coils of the AC unit, becomes supersaturated and gives up its excess water as it cools, is usually directed to a drain pan. An overflow from the drain pan exits the unit by gravity and drips onto the ground.
Problems exist with the disposal of this condensate from window, wall or transom mounted units. In apartment buildings the wall units are typically arranged directly beneath each other and the water dripping from a higher unit oftentimes drips onto the lower unit causing an annoying sound offensive to the resident of the lower apartment as well as causing rust or degradation of the case of the lower unit. If the unit is transom mounted, which is often the only area the unit can be positioned in storefront installations, the unit will drip on customers entering or exiting the establishment. Draining the liquid away from the unit is not possible because of lack of drain locations.
The oil or gas shortage of 1974 started the process of increasing air conditioner efficiency. Even so, until about 1980 there was no particular concern about the cost of running an air conditioner as prices in general were fairly low. Air conditioners then began to be designed with efficiency considerations in mind, using fewer or lighter materials, in an attempt to obtain more BTU's/unit of electricity. Electric motors and compressors became smaller and lighter and drew less amperage, becoming more efficient due to advances in electrical engineering. An orifice, an advanced metering device, was designed which would allow a lower head pressure or condensing pressure to be used, which in turn lowered the electric draw the compressor used. In conjunction with this, more coil surface is now used in the condenser to lower head pressure and provide more subcooling of the liquid Freon.
Over the years different various more effective heat transfer fluids were developed. Time delay relays were also developed which delay the evaporator fan [inside fan] from turning on until the compressor runs for about 30 to 60 seconds to start the Freon moving through the inside coil, and which extend fan operation on shutdown for approximately 30 to 60 seconds to take advantage of the Freon still evaporating.
In window units, slingers are in use which throw condensate water onto the condenser coil to help transfer heat in conjunction with the outside air blown across the coil by the fan. This technique helps increase efficiency but not enough

This invention relates generally to printing presses, and particularly to apparatus for supplying paper to printing presses of the type adapted to print a plurality of independent paper webs simultaneously.
Machines used in printing newspapers typically include a plurality of presses for simultaneously printing several individual sheets with means provided for simultaneously supplying independent webs of paper to each press for a printing run. The supply means typically includes a set of roll stands upon which independent rolls of paper may be rotatably mounted, and a set of rollers for guiding the webs of paper from each roll to one of the presses.
In performing a press run it is most important that the presses be operated without interruption through the printing of a single edition. A stoppage in the middle of a run creates risks of plate contamination by upsetting the balance of inks and other fluids. Edition deadline may also fail to be met and labor cost increased.
A principle cause of early press shutdowns is premature consumption of paper from one of the supply rolls. Such premature exhaustion of paper necessitates a halting of all the presses. When this is achieved a new roll of paper is mounted to the vacant, or nearly vacant, roll stand and secured to the trailing edge of the consumed roll by paste or tape. Furthermore, even where a new, full roll of paper is mounted to a vacant roll stand it frequently occurs that the paper remaining on yet another of the roll stands is insufficient to complete the run. This in turn necessitates yet another premature termination of the run.
The just described problem of early press shutdown occasioned by premature consumption of paper was previously recognized in U.S. Pat. No. 1,961,685. This patent, as well as others, has provided various approaches towards solving this problem of early press shutdown. Perhaps the most successful approach to date has been the provision of rewind apparatuses for adding paper to partially consumed rolls in advance of the press run to insure supply sufficiency. To accomplish this apparatuses have been provided for driving one or more of the rolls in a direction opposite that of its normal rotation in feeding paper to a press. Unfortunately, these machines have been relatively bulky and expensive, and difficult to connect and disconnect with speed and facility.
Accordingly, it is a general object of the present invention to provide improved apparatuses for supplying paper to printing presses.
More particularly, it is an object of the invention to provide improved apparatuses for supplying paper to printing presses of the type adopted to print a plurality of independent paper webs simultaneously.
Another object of the invention is to provide improved apparatuses

The new end product is termed polystyryl lithium (the effects of the terminal sec-butyl radical are ignored) and it is denoted as S.sup.- Li.sup.+. If a diene (in this case butadiene) is added, the S.sup.- Li.sup.+ can initiate further polymerization: EQU S.sup.- Li.sup.+ +n(CH.sub.2 .dbd.CHCH.dbd.CH.sub.2).fwdarw.S(CH.sub.2 CH.dbd.CHCH.sub.2).sub.n-1 CH.sub.2 CH.dbd.CHCH.sub.2.sup.- Li.sup.+( 3)
For the above reaction the product is denoted S-B.sup.- Li.sup.+. It also is an initiator, so that if more styrene monomer is now added, the styrene will polymerize onto the "living" end of the polymer chain: ##STR3##
When this last reaction is complete, the product (S-B-S.sup.- Li.sup.+ -polystyryl lithium) can be inactivated by the addition of a protonating species such as an alcohol. This terminates the polymer by the reaction: EQU S-B-S.sup.- Li.sup.+ +ROH.fwdarw.S-B-SH+ROLi (4)
If the polymer is to be made by coupling, the first three reactions shown above are unchanged, but instead of the S-B.sup.- Li.sup.+ initiating further polymerization of styrene, in this case it is reacted with a coupling agent: EQU 2S-B.sup.- Li.sup.+ +X-R-X.fwdarw.S-B-R-B-S+2LiX (6)
Many coupling agents have been described, including esters, organohalogens and silicon halides. The example above shows the reaction of difunctional coupling agents but those of higher functionality (for example SiCl.sub.4) can also be used and give branched or star-shaped molecules (S-B).sub.n x. There are cases whereby the coupling agent is not incorporated in the polymer. If divinyl benzene is added at the end of the reaction the products are highly branched, i.e., the value of n is very large. This reaction

Other electronic oxygen conserving devices use various methods for sensing the respiration event so that a valve can be triggered to allow oxygen to flow to the user. The sensor to detect breathing events can range from an off-the-shelf low-pressure sensor to a discreetly assembled membrane material based sensor. Many off-the-shelf low-pressure sensors require a second valve to remove the sensor from the pneumatic path to protect it from the high-pressure burst that occurs when oxygen is flowing.
Membrane material based sensors contain a thin flexible membrane that moves in relation to the minute pressure changes caused during breathing. Many of these membrane type sensors are able to handle the pressure of the valve passing the oxygen, but can be expensive to manufacture and then calibrate for use. Electrical signals, corresponding to breathing pressures, are derived from the movements resulting from the minute pressure changes when breathing. The signal from any sensor type is processed so that a valve can be opened at the opportune time.
Electronic Demand Pulsed-Dose oxygen delivery systems deliver oxygen to a user (e.g., a human patient) by detecting the user's (patient's) inspiratory effort and providing gas flow during the initial portion of inspiration. This method reduces the amount of oxygen needed by approximately 50 to 85% (compared to continuous flow) and significantly reduces the cost, the supplies needed, and the limitations on mobility caused by a limited oxygen supply.
As a user initiates a breath, for example, through a cannula tip or mask, the sensor detects the inhalation. In response to detecting inhalation, a solenoid valve opens, and a burst of oxygen is rapidly delivered to the user. The size of the burst or flow can vary. The pulsed-dose system takes the place of a flowmeter during oxygen therapy and is attached to an oxygen source. In most devices, an operator can select the gas flow and the mode of operation (either pulse or continuous flow). A battery-powered fluidic valve is attached to a gaseous or liquid oxygen supply to operate the system.
Other methods used to further reduce oxygen usage when using the pulse-demand system include: reducing the amount of oxygen delivered to the patient during each oxygen pulse and/or to deliver an oxygen pulse only on the second or third breath instead of every breath. In addition, the amount of oxygen in the oxygen pulse can change with the flow setting. Increasing the flow setting can be used to deliver pulses with more oxygen and lowering the flow setting can be used to deliver pulses

If the absolute value of the alternating-current input voltage VAC decreases, then the high speed recovery type diode D3 is rendered non-conducting, and the tertiary winding N3 which provides the voltage resonance pulse voltage cooperates with the series circuit of the series resonant capacitor C10, choke coil Ls and filter capacitor CN to form a series resonant circuit.
FIGS. 18 and 19 show operation waveforms of the components of the circuit described above. Particularly, FIG. 18 shows operation waveforms when the alternating-current input voltage VAC has a value around the zero voltage while FIG. 19 shows operation waveforms when the alternating-current input voltage VAC has a value around a peak voltage.
Referring to FIG. 18, it can be seen from the waveforms of the current iQ and the voltage vds of the switching element Q1 that the operation of the circuit described above is a ZVS operation and the switching loss can be reduced.
Further, the circuit generates a voltage of a waveform similar to that of the voltage vds of the switching element Q1 as a tertiary winding voltage V3. When the voltage V3 is applied to the series resonant capacitor C10, choke coil Ls and filter capacitor CN and resonance current flows, the anode terminal voltage of the high speed recovery type diode D3 oscillates in a switching period. When the alternating-current input voltage VAC is around 0, the input rectification voltage V1 is low, and therefore, the anode voltage of the high speed recovery type diode D3 wherein a voltage generated by the choke coil Ls is superposed on the input rectification voltage V1 is normally lower than the cathode voltage which is the voltage Ei across the smoothing capacitor Ci and the high speed recovery type diode D3 remains in an off state. Accordingly, no alternating-current input current flows.
If the alternating-current input voltage VAC rises until it exceeds the input rectification voltage V1, then since the anode voltage of the high speed recovery type diode D3 becomes higher than the input smoothed voltage Ei due to the voltage superposed thereon, the high speed recovery type diode D3 is rendered conducting and the alternating-current input current IAC begins to flow through the high speed recovery type diode D3. Accordingly, since the alternating-current input current TAC begins to flow at a timing of the alternating-current input voltage VAC which is lower by the voltage generated by the choke coil Ls than the input smoothed voltage Ei,

An improvement in terms of bandwidth requirements was proposed in the reduction of the number of zaps probably obtainable through the use of channel-mosaic that provides a quick overview by combining a number of individual channels with corresponding content into one picture. Using the mosaic, the user can decide with less zaps in comparison to the sequential zapping through the plurality of channels, which channel has his preference. However, the use of channel-mosaic still has disadvantages. A single screen of the mosaic may only contain about 25 channels which renders the solution not scalable with 200 or more IPTV channels. Moreover, its use is not widely adopted under TV-spectators because it offers only a limited added value for the user. The user must stop watching while searching for a better channel. Hence, only a small amount of unnecessary zaps can be prevented through the provisioning of a channel mosaic. The reduction of the zapping-load on the network components is still minor.
Another way to deal with the increasing BW requirements caused by unicast streaming, is adding caching devices and replica servers to the network. These devices replicate and store the content closer to the customer in an attempt to reduce the BW requirements in the network. These techniques all look for a new optimum between the cost of BW and the cost of storage. Since storage cost is decreasing more rapidly than BW cost, this is feasible.
To improve viewer satisfaction and to reduce the need for zap-bound resources, IPTV components such as set top boxes or access nodes can be equipped with a “learning device”, with the intention to avoid unnecessary zaps. This solution was proposed in European patent application EP 07291510. This document discloses an Internet protocol TV channel selection device wherein the number of zaps, required for finding content that is interesting for the user, is reduced significantly by using at least one user-related selection criterion (i.e. a user preference) together the information on the various channels extracted from the electronic program guide (EPG). In other words, based on a user-profile and the meta-information on the various channels, the device becomes a personal zapping assistant. In this way the viewer can be triggered when (more) interesting content is currently being broadcasted or becomes available in the Video-on-Demand (VoD) database. To get the preferred content to the user, the IPTV system can create one or more artificial, personal channels, composed of already available broadcast and VoD content. Further, based on the viewer

U.S. Pat. No. 4,766,260 describes a process for the synthesis of the compounds F123 and F124 by gas phase hydrofluorination of perhalogenated olefins, the objective being to minimize the formation of F125. Example 13 (column 6) describes the fluorination of tetrachloroethylene with a CrCl.sub.3 /Al.sub.2 O.sub.3 catalyst; despite a temperature of 350.degree. C., a long contact time (60 seconds) and a high HF/C.sub.2 Cl.sub.4 molar ratio (6/1), selectivities for F124 and F125 are low (33.3% and 7.2% respectively).
The use of a chromium(III)-based catalyst (CrCl.sub.3) supported on charcoal for the gas phase catalytic fluorination of halogenated olefins forms the subject of Japanese patent application published under No. 48-72,105/73 in which Example 4 describes the fluorination of tetrachloroethylene. Here too, despite a reaction temperature of 400.degree. C. and a high HF/C.sub.2 Cl.sub.4 molar ratio (5/1), the composition of the products formed is limited to F121 (CHCl.sub.2 -CFCl.sub.2 :6.8%), to F122 (CHCl.sub.2 -CClF.sub.2 :10.5%) and to F123 (82.7%).
U.S. Pat. No. 3,258,500 describes the use of bulk or alumina-supported chromium for gas phase catalytic fluorination reactions. In particular, Example 17 (column 14) describes the fluorination of tetrachloroethylene. At 400.degree. C. with an HF/C.sub.2 Cl.sub.4 molar ratio of 6.2/1, the selectivity for F123+F124+F125 is low (47.7%); a decrease in the reaction temperature (300.degree. C.) improves this selectivity (79.7%), but the distribution is then shifted towards less-fluorinated products (F123 and F124).
European patent application no. 349,298 describes the synthesis of the compounds F123 and F124 from pentahaloethanes by gas phase catalytic fluorination over a catalyst composed of a metal chosen from chromium, cobalt, nickel and manganese and deposited on

Additional arc fault detection circuits have been proposed that look for a specific signature characteristic of the current, voltage or electromagnetic field associated with arcing faults. These technologies concentrate on detecting a specific signature characteristic because many electric devices produce arcing during normal operations. An example is an electrical light switch which may draw a spark (an arc) when opened or an electric igniter for a gas furnace. Another example of a device that arcs in normal operation is a commutated motor which will spark continuously at the brushes when energized. An arc fault detector/interrupter would be useless if it detected and tripped in response to all arcs, both good (corresponding to normal operation) and bad (corresponding to a fault condition). Examples of technologies wherein the current flow is monitored, filtered and processed to detect an arcing fault include U.S. Pat. No. 4,639,817 (Cooper and South) wherein voltage signals are measured between the three phases in an AC three phase network and bandpass limited to the frequency band between 1 and 100 kilohertz, the band which is alleged to contain harmonic frequencies indicative of an arcing fault. U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,047,724 (Boksinger and Parente) and 5,280,404 (Ragsdale) reveal methods for detecting arc faults in an electrical circuit by comparing the spectral frequency makeup of voltages and/or currents within the circuit conductors to the spectrum characteristic of an arcing event. Examples of technologies wherein an electromagnetic field is monitored, filtered and processed to detect an arcing fault include U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,185,684 (Beihoff, Tennies, Richards and O'Neil), 5,185,685 (Tennies, Beihoff, Hastings, Clarey and O'Neil), 5,185,686 (Hansen, Beihoff, Tennies and Richards), 5,185,687 (Beihoff, Tennies, Richards and O'Neil) and 5,208,542 (Tennies, Beihoff, Hansen). The present invention is an improvement over the above referenced inventions in that the above inventions are directed at detecting an arcing condition but would be unresponsive to a low level fault current which, although not resulting in an arcing fault, could deliver a painful or lethal electrical shock if the fault path was a human body. Furthermore, most of the filtering algorithms proposed by these arc fault directed inventions require a signal analysis over multiple cycles and cannot detect and respond to

The invention relates to liquid heat transport systems for use in space reactor power systems and more particularly to means for gradually increasing the rate of fluid flow resulting from thawing the liquid-metal in a heat transport system for use in space reactor power systems.
Liquid metals are used as circulants in space reactor power systems both for primary heat transport and for waste heat removal. Many desirable coolants are in a frozen state at original startup and require a means to thaw the coolants before flow circulation can be established. Lithium is a prime example of a coolant material of this type. In current space reactor power system designs, liquid lithium is used to transport heat from the reactor at approximately 1100.degree. C. and to remove waste heat from energy conversion units at 500.degree. C. Lithium, however, has a melting temperature of 180.degree. C. and requires a means of thaw before full flow circulation can be attained.
Certain liquid metals, such as the eutectic combination of sodium and potassium (NaK), are molten at low temperatures and would obviate the need for thaw. However, available eutectic combinations are heavy and require considerable pumping power for effective circulation. A further consideration relates to the safety hazards of launching into space systems with the circulants in a molten state. The possibility of launch-induced leaks would impose a serious hazard to both crew (in the case of a shuttle launch) and equipment. The use of lithium circulant precludes this possibility because it would remain frozen during the entire launch phase. For those performance and safety reasons, lithium is the preferred circulant in many high-performance systems.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,537,515 discloses a circulatory cooling system utilizing liquid-metal coolant lines which are heated by a series of heat pipes butted end-to-end and extending through the center of the lines. The heat pipes derive their heat directly from the waste heat of the heat source.
In certain implementations the reactor is a source of heat that activates fluid circulation pumps by thermoelectric means. Thus, during the thaw process, the pumps will develop pumping head although no circulation is possible until full thaw is achieved with the removal of blockage by frozen material. With relatively high reactor temperatures required to deliver heat during the thaw process, full thaw may be accompanied by a sudden flow as the final blockage is removed, giving rise to two significant problems: (1) the hot flow to the power

The present invention relates to an optoelectronic transceiver module assembly for fiber-optic communications, and in particular to an optoelectronic transceiver module assembly which is conveniently assembled and which is reliable.
2. Description of the Related Art
Optoelectronic transceiver modules provide bi-directional transmission of data between an electrical interface and an optical data link. The module receives electrically encoded data signals, which are converted into optical signals and transmitted over the optical data link. The module also receives optically encoded data signals, which are converted into electrical signals and transmitted onto the electrical interface.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,178,096 B1 discloses a conventional optoelectronic transceiver module. The module comprises a top cover and a bottom cover. The top and bottom covers are fixed together by mating a positioning post of the top cover in a hole of the bottom cover. The top and bottom covers thereby enclose a printed circuit board (PCB) and optoelectronic components. However, when the module is subjected to vibration during normal use, the top and bottom covers are easily displaced from the module. This can adversely affect the operation of the module.
U.S. Pat. No. Re. 36,820 discloses another conventional optoelectronic transceiver module. A PCB and other optoelectronic components are placed in a rectangular box. Potting material is injected into the box, to enclose the PCB and the optoelectronic components. An enclosure of the transceiver module fixes and protects the PCB. However, the potting material is expensive and unduly troublesome to use.
In view of the above, there is a need for a reliable, durable and inexpensive optoelectronic transceiver module assembly, all parts of which can be fixed together quickly, easily and securely.
Therefore, an object of the present invention is to provide an optoelectronic transceiver module assembly, all parts of which are fixed together securely and reliably.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an optoelectronic transceiver module assembly which can be easily and quickly assembled.
A further object of the present invention is to provide an optoelectronic transceiver module assembly which is inexpensive.
To achieve the above objects, an optoelectronic transceiver module assembly of the present invention includes an optoelectronic transceiver module, and a metal cage receiving the optoelectronic transceiver module therein. The transceiver module includes a connector housing, a PCB, and a support base. The connector housing is adapted for engaging with

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a modular deployable antenna, to particularly the one applicable as a transmit-receive antenna 10 to 15 m long mounted in a mobile communications satellite, as an antenna for a remote-sensing satellite for investigating resources, and to a geostationary platform and a solar beam converging panel for a space station.
2. Description of the Related Art
The development of a large-sized deployable antenna applicable to a variety of purposes such as communication, broadcasting, and further survey of the earth and deep space is accelerated for the purpose of communicating more information at present. The basic idea in design of the large-sized deployable antenna varies considerably depending upon practicability, profitability or a purpose of use. For example, for an antenna applied to a communication or broadcasting satellite requiring a large-sized deployed reflector, efficiency of stowing an antenna into a launched satellite, light weight, reliability of a deploying mechanism and precision after deployment are primarily required. For such an antenna applied to such a satellite requiring a high-precision reflector, choice of material suitable for the location of use and reflector forming technique are required. In case an antenna is assembled in an orbit, the technique of assembling in an orbit is primarily required.
Referring to a large-sized deployed reflector, various types are developed at present. A deployable truss mesh type in which metallic mesh is spread on a deployable trussed back structure, an inflatable type which is hardened in a predetermined shape by expanding it with gas pressure, and a tension truss type constituted by an extensible mast mounted on the central support structure and extending outside the radius and specular mesh spread over the central support structure by the mast are contained.
Referring to the deployable truss mesh type above all, generally the back structure is constituted by combining plural modules constituted by a triangle or hexagonal prism serially, and mesh is fixed on a stand-off which is different in height respectively provided with an individual module.
Referring to the deployable truss mesh type, it is first required that sufficient precision of a reflector is kept even if the reflector is enlarged. It is also required that a reflector is rigid through it is kept light or lightened more. Further, the deploying and stowing operation must be smooth and reliable. Furthermore, to realize effective modularization, linkage or detachment of modules must be facilitated.
At present an antenna approximately 5 to 30 m in diameter is developed

This invention relates to monitoring devices and to training systems for use in monitoring and correcting errant hand movements of a golfer and more particularly to monitoring errant hand movements during a swing of a golf club by a golfer.
Devices for monitoring the movement of one limb with respect to another of an athlete are known in the art. Harrison (U.S. Pat. No. 2,064,603) shows a wrist mounted device with an audio output that is used for monitoring movements of a golfer's power arm during a swing of a golf club. Trask (U.S. Pat. No. 3,918,721) shows a club mounted device with an audio output that is used for monitoring wrist movements of a golfer's leading arm during a golf club swing. Butler (U.S. Pat. No. 3,861,688) shows an arm mounted device with an audio output for monitoring wrist movements on the golfer's leading arm. DeMascolo (U.S. Pat. No. 4,222,569) places a spring steel snapper in a strategically located pocket of a glove or limb wrap that may be mounted on a golfers arm to provide an audio output when there is errant wrist movement. Bittner (U.S. Pat. No. 4,193,065) shows a leading arm mounted device with an audio and light output that is designed to signal errant movements of the elbow during a golfer's club swing. Salzman (U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,392,830 and 4,527,982) show a body mounted device for monitoring head movements that result in an audio output from an earphone worn by the athlete. Harrison (U.S. Pat. No. 4,743,028) has a power arm mounted device for signalling movement of the upper arm away from the golfer's body during a golf swing.
Other devices for monitoring an athlete's limb movements are also evident in the art. Murray (U.S. Pat. No. 4,488,726) shows a glove with pressure sensitive switches that are used in an audible alarm circuit for detecting errant limb movements. Evens (U.S. Pat. No. 3,717,857) has a limb attachment that is equipped with an accelerometer and strain gage for monitoring movements of a limb and where a signal bearing the errant movement information is transmitted by an rf carrier to a location

1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to a tensioning means for hubs, comprising a winding shaft having rotatably and drivably mounted on it individual winding elements for hubs with inner cylindrical bores, the tensioning means including measures for locking in of the hubs in the axial direction on each individual winding element.
2. Description of the Related Art
In winding machines, in particular in combined longitudinal cutting and winding apparatuses, for example for magnetic tapes, the winding shafts in each case receive a large number of hubs. Fitting the winding shaft with hubs is problematical, since the numerous wound hubs are to be drawn off the winding shaft as quickly as possible and replaced in the correct position by empty hubs. The tensioning means should not hinder easy and troublefree displacing of the hubs on the shaft during fitting. Therefore, numerous tensioning means on the winding shaft are already known, such as tensioning rollers, tensioning pins or the like, which are mechanically complicated constructions which escalate the costs of the winding shaft. The difficulties become all the greater if individual winding elements with separate frictions are used.
In the Applicant's German application P 41 21 244, a number of tensioning means known from the prior art are described in detail. Similarly, in the said application a hub tensioning means of the generic type mentioned above is described, in which the tensioning means includes a plurality of segments which are distributed over the circumference of each cylindrical individual winding element, are seated in an annular groove and are loaded by spring elements. Furthermore, in this application FIGS. 6 and 7 show a snap-fitting or centering means for hubs, comprising a bead and a ball thrust piece on the outside of the tensioning means, which make it possible for the hubs to be pushed on axially and centered.
The said tensioning means have a number of disadvantages. Firstly, usually there is no accurate lateral fixing of the hubs. Secondly, the radially acting tensioning elements in the hub holder require a certain installation space, which often can be realized in the design only with difficulty since the hub holder also has to accommodate a stable mounting, which is as exact as possible, and devices suitable for torque generation, for example eddy-current couplings, for driving the individual winding elements.
Furthermore, a centering means for hubs is known, in which each hub has in its hub bore a central notch, in which a projection complementing it on the tension

1. Technical Field
The invention is related to microwave plasma reactors for processing semiconductor wafers to perform etch or chemical vapor deposition or similar processes on the wafer.
2. Background Art
A plasma reactor may be employed to perform various processes on a semiconductor wafer in microelectronic fabrication. The wafer is placed inside a vacuum chamber of the reactor and reactant gases are introduced into the chamber. The gases are irradiated with electromagnetic energy to ignite and maintain a plasma. Depending upon the composition of the gases from which the plasma is formed, the plasma may be employed to etch a particular thin film from the wafer or may be employed to deposit a thin film layer onto the wafer. In order to maximize processing throughput, it is desirable that the plasma have a high ion density. High ion density provides, for example, a high etch rate on the wafer, so that less time is required to perform a given etch process, thereby increasing throughput. To provide a high density plasma, a large amount of electromagnetic power must be applied to the plasma, which may increase ion energy in addition to increasing plasma ion density. The problem is that unduly high ion energy tends to damage microelectronic devices on the wafer, thus decreasing device yield. This problem is avoided in the prior art by employing reactors in which the ion density and the ion energy may be controlled independently.
One conventional type of plasma reactor in which ion density and ion energy are separately controllable is an inductively coupled plasma reactor in which ion density is determined by the amount of radio frequency (RF) power applied to an inductive coil antenna surrounding the reactor chamber while ion energy is separately determined by the amount of RF power applied to a pedestal underlying the wafer. A disadvantage of such an inductively coupled plasma reactor is that such RF powered coil antennas tend to be inefficient in maintaining plasmas uniformly across the chamber. Another disadvantage is that the power loss through the coil is a very sensitive function of the Q-factor of the coil, and process repeatability is relatively poor.
Another conventional type of plasma reactor with independent control of ion energy and ion density employs electron cyclotron resonance (ECR) to produce microwaves to ignite and maintain the plasma in the chamber. While ECR reactors are more efficient in producing a plasma because of the relatively high frequency of the microwaves (compared with the RF frequencies employed in inductively coupled plasma reactors), ECR plasma reactors require delicate control of the location and magnitude of external magnetic fields. Moreover, ECR works well only at very low chamber pressures, since

The present invention pertains to antenna circuits, and more specifically, to an impedance matching circuit for a modulated backscatter diode-antenna combination particularly adapted for use in radio frequency identification systems.
Remote communication utilizing wireless equipment typically relies on radio frequency (RF) technology, which is employed in many industries. One application of RF technology is in locating, identifying, and tracking objects, such as animals, inventory, and vehicles.
RF identification (RFID) tag systems have been developed that facilitate monitoring of remote objects. As shown in FIG. 1, a basic RFID system 10 consists of three components, an antenna 12, a transceiver with decoder 14, and a transponder (commonly called an RF tag) 16 having its own antenna 24. In operation, the antenna 12 emits electromagnetic radio signals generated by the transceiver 14 to activate the tag 16. When the tag 16 is activated, data can be read from or written to the tag.
In some applications, the antenna 12 is a component of the transceiver and decoder 14 to become an interrogator (or reader) 18, which can be configured either as a hand held or a fixed-mount device. The interrogator 18 emits the radio signals 20 in a range from one inch to one hundred feet or more, depending upon its power output and the radio frequency used. When an RF tag 16 passes through the electromagnetic radio waves 20, the tag 16 detects the signal 20 and is activated. Data encoded in the tag 16 is then transmitted through reflection by a modulated data signal 22 through an antenna 24 in the tag 16 and to the interrogator 18 for subsequent processing.
An advantage of RFID systems is the non-contact, non-line-of-sight capability of the technology. Tags can be read through a variety of substances such as snow, fog, ice, paint, dirt, and other visually and environmentally challenging conditions where bar codes or other optically-read technologies would be useless. RF tags can also be read at remarkable speeds, in most cases responding in less than one hundred milliseconds.
There are three main categories of RFID tags. These are beam-powered passive tags, battery-powered semi-passive tags, and active tags. Each operates in fundamentally different ways.
The beam-powered RFID tag is often referred to as a passive device because it derives the energy needed for its operation from the radio frequency energy beamed at it. The tag rectifies the field and dynamically changes the reflective characteristics of the tag itself, creating

In letter printers, a memory of a computer-controlled image including letters is output, namely, printed on a paper by an image-forming mechanism of electrophotography or electrographic recording. That is, an electrostatic latent image formed on a photosensitive plate of photoconductor by electrophotography or on a dielectric master by electrographic recording, is developed by a toner, whereby the latent image is transferred and fixed on a paper as a visualized toner image and an image print is obtained. These letter printers, being able to print even complicated letters like most Chinese characters, have a pet name of "kanji printers" (kanji refers in Japanese language to Chinese characters) in Japan.
Toner image formation, namely, development is conducted by a dry method or by a wet method (the wet method is also called a liquid drying method). A toner image transferred onto a paper is melt-fixed (thermally fixed) in the dry method by being heated to several hundreds centigrade (e.g. 200.degree. to 300.degree. C.). In the wet method, there are transferred onto a paper not only a toner image but also a solvent of a developing solution and, therefore, the toner image is fixed with heating (this heating also serves to vaporize the solvent).
As the paper for letter printers, there have hitherto been used plain papers as well as slightly processed papers. Recently, carbonless papers have come to be used. This is because printing of formats of account books, chits, etc. can be made by a letter printer, and printing of letters can be made by an impact printer or hand writing and copying.
In carbonless papers, various chemicals are coated as mentioned below. This causes many troubles during printing on these papers by a letter printer. Such troubles are summarized as follows.
1. Since the photosensitive plate or master of a letter printer contacts directly with the surface of a lower (or intermediate) sheet of carbonless paper where an acidic substance is coated, there are cases that the plate or master is chemically attacked after repeated use.
2. Since carbonless papers are exposed to high temperatures at the time of thermal fixation of a transferred toner image particularly in the dry method, there are cases that the lower (or intermediate) sheet of carbonless paper produces the smell and/or fume of chemicals.
3. Particularly in wet (liquid drying) development, there are cases that microcapsules coated on the upper (or intermediate) sheet of carbonless paper are destroyed

Another variation of this process, being conveniently termed "ring opening disproportionation" to distinguish it from other variations, is disclosed by Netherlands Patent Application No. 6702703 of Phillips Petroleum Company, published Aug. 24, 1967, wherein a cyclic olefin and an acyclic olefin react to form a single product molecule. For example, ethylene reacts with cyclopentene by "ring opening disproportionation" to produce 1,6-heptadiene.
As used in this application, "disproportionation process" is meant to include all variations of disproportionations.
A variety of catalysts have been employed for conducting disproportionation reactions, such as those disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,340,322, issued Sep. 5, 1967; U.S. Pat. No. 3,637,892, issued Jan. 25, 1972; U.S. Pat. No. 3,760,026, issued Sep. 18, 1973; U.S. Pat. No. 3,792,108, issued Feb. 12, 1974; U.S. Pat. No. 3,872,180, issued Mar. 18, 1975; and British Patent Specification No. 1,128,091, published Mar. 16, 1966. Among the catalysts that have been developed for disproportionation include inorganic refractory materials containing molybdenum and/or tungsten oxide.
Several patents disclose the use of promoter to enhance the disproportionation catalyst activity. Elemental metal promoters selected from the group consisting of barium, magnesium, tungsten, silicon, antimony, zinc, manganese and tin are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,568,788, issued Feb. 4, 1986, U.S. Pat. No. 4,522,936, issued Jun. 11, 1985, U.S. Pat. No. 4,524,235, issued Jun. 18, 1985 and U.S. Pat. No. 4,629,719, issued Dec. 16, 1986. In addition. organometallic compounds, such as aluminum and tin alkyls to promote solid catalysts including molybdenum and rhenium oxide for the disproportionation are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,454,368, issued Jun. 12, 1984 and U.S. Pat. No. 3,829,523, issued Aug. 13, 1974.
It is an object of this

The timestamp compression scheme determination part 103 compares the delta timestamp Δt(i) obtained by the timestamp calculation information computing part 101 with the delta timestamp ΔTS which is kept track by the timestamp calculation information tracking part 104. If both delta timestamps are found as being the same, i.e., Δt(i)=ΔTS, the timestamp compression scheme determination part 103 determines that the timestamp should be compressed. Thus, the input switch part 108 is so controlled that the packet i is forwarded to the timestamp compression part 106. On the other hand, if those delta timestamps are found as being not the same, i.e., Δt(i)≠ΔTS, the timestamp compression scheme determination part 103 determines that the timestamp should not be compressed. Accordingly, the input switch part 108 is so controlled that the packet i is forwarded to the timestamp non-compression part 105.
The timestamp non-compression part 105 deletes the timestamp before performing packet header compression in accordance with the format of the reference information update packet header of FIG. 13B.
On the other hand, the timestamp compression part 106 does not delete the timestamp before performing packet header compression. That is, in accordance with the format of the minimum compression packet header shown in FIG. 13C, the timestamp is deleted (=compressed) so that the resultant packet header includes only the sequence number.
The input switch part 108 outputs the incoming packet i, under the control of the timestamp compression scheme determination part 103, to either the timestamp non-compression part 105 or the timestamp compression part 106.
By referring to the flowchart of FIG. 16, the entire procedure of the header compression scheme carried out by such a conventional header compression apparatus is described.
First, the delta timestamp ΔTS is registered (updated) (step S161). Its value may be predetermined, or a value obtained by computation between first and second packets may be used. Once an arbitrary packet i has been inputted, the delta timestamp Δt(i) will be computed (step S162). Then, the delta timestamp Δt(i) and the delta timestamp ΔTS are compared with each other (step S163). Here, if these delta timestamps are found as being the same, the minimum compression packet header carrying no timestamp is generated (step S164). If not the same, the reference information update packet header carrying a timestamp is generated (step S165). Then, if there is any packet left for such a sequence of processes (steps

The present invention relates to a laser ablation device for forming a thin film by means of a short wavelength laser light, and more particularly, to a laser ablation device for forming a soft magnetic thin film of an oxide.
A conventional example of a laser ablation device for forming an oxide thin film using a short wavelength laser light is described in Japanese Journal of Applied Physics, vol. 27 (1988) by S. Komuro et al. The constitution of the prior art will be described with reference to FIG. 6.
The conventional laser ablation device for forming a thin film includes a target holder 41' for holding a target 41 of the sintered body of Ni-Zn-ferrite as an oxide film forming material, and a substrate holder 42 (holder for an object on which a film is to be formed) confronting the target holder 41' to hold a substrate 43 (the object on which a film is to be formed) in a vacuum chamber 40. The vacuum chamber 40 has a discharging device 49, a gas introduction port 48, and a light-transmittable window 47. A short wavelength laser light 45 having a wavelength of 532 nm, which is the second higher harmonic laser light of a YAG laser 44 performing Q switching of a visible light and placed outside the vacuum chamber 40, is condensed by an optical system 46 and irradiates the target 41 through the light-transmittable window 47. A heater 42' is built into the substrate holder 42 to heat the substrate 43 to a predetermined temperature.
The operation of the above-described laser ablation device will be discussed with reference to FIG. 6.
In FIG. 6, after the vacuum chamber 40 is evacuated by the discharging device 49, O.sub.2 gas or N.sub.2 O gas is introduced into the chamber 40 from the gas introduction port 48. The short wavelength laser light 45 irradiates the target 41. As a result, ablated particles are projected from the sintered body of Ni-Zn-ferrite constituting the target 41 owing to the energy of the short wavelength laser light, and a thin film of Ni-Zn-ferrite is formed on the substrate 43 held by the substrate holder 42 opposed to the target 41.
At the time the thin film is formed, since the substrate 43 is heated to a predetermined temperature by the built-in heater 42' of the substrate holder 42, and an oxidating gas such as O.sub.2 gas or N.sub.2 O gas is introduced in the chamber 40 from the gas

Precision resistors provide stable resistances for integrated circuits used in various precision electronic devices, such as pacemakers, printers, and testing or measuring instruments. Each electronic device utilizes specific resistance values and operates in different conditions. Manufacturers tailor precise resistance values for each electronic device by controlling the size of the resistor and by using materials having low temperature and voltage coefficients. However, the performance of these precision resistors is often impacted by variations in operating conditions, like temperature and voltage. Manufacturers strive to achieve tight tolerances with respect to resistance and size to better attain precise, stable resistances.
Conventional precision resistors include diffused resistors and laser trimmed polysilicon resistors. Diffused resistors have a dopant introduced into a polysilicon resistor layer in the substrate, forming a doped active region, such as a P-well or P-body in the substrate. High-ohmic polysilicon resistors have temperature coefficients of resistance in the range of 1,000 and 3,000 parts per million per degree Celsius with resistances in the range of 1 k and 10 k ohms/square. In addition, the resistance of a doped polysilicon layer changes with temperature because the carriers are activated, which can cause performance drifts that follow the operating temperature.
A length and width of the doped resistor layer, a depth of diffusion, and a resistivity of the dopant control the specific resistance achieved. Junction isolation techniques isolate the diffused resistor from other elements in the substrate. These isolation techniques, which take up precious space on the substrate, minimize the adverse impacts of space charge effects of p-n junctions that can alter the resistance as the operating voltage and frequency change. To compensate for these changes in resistance, manufacturers often include additional circuitry adjacent the resistor, thereby using more substrate area surrounding the resistor.
Laser trimming removes or cuts away portions of a polysilicon resistor layer to increase the resistance. More particularly, the laser alters the shape of the resistor to achieve a desired resistance value. As with diffused resistors, laser trimmed resistors use large areas of the substrate in order to achieve precise resistor values. The large area dimensions also allow these resistors to dissipate heat to the substrate. The size requirements of these resistors impact the density of devices in the integrated circuit. As a result of the continued miniaturization of integrated circuits, manufacturers strive to reduce the space requirements of precision resistors.
In addition to the horizontal space requirements, these precision resistors impact vertical space

One way to recycle wood is to reduce the wood to a number of pieces of generally uniform size with a shredder, chipper, or grinder. Such comminuted wood is often suitable for use as a landscaping mulch. However, the varied types of wood typically obtained from a landfill often result in a non-uniform coloration that significantly changes with age and exposure to the elements. To alleviate this problem, recycled wood pieces are sometimes treated with a colorant to provided a more pleasing appearance. U.S. Pat. No. 5,308,653 to Rondy describes one coloring process.
One problem often encountered with coloring processes is excessive run-off of liquid colorants used to impart a uniform appearance to the wood pieces. This run-off adversely impacts cost effectiveness. To address this problem, there is a need to optimize the coloration process by determining the minimum amount of liquid colorant needed for a given amount of wood. There also remains a need to provide a more cost effective way to uniformly color landscaping material.
Another problem with the coloration process is that mixers used to blend liquid colorant and wood pieces are subject to frequent jamming. Typically, the mixer becomes packed with a mass of wood chips that are stuck together. This mass of chips often prevents discharge of the treated product from the mixer. Equipment down time to unclog the mixer generally increases processing costs and may result in excessive colorant run-off. Thus, there is also a need for a mixing system which resists packing and still economically imparts a uniform color to landscaping materials.
One form of the present invention is a system with a mixer defining a chamber that has an opening for inserting solid pieces therein. The chamber is in fluid communication with a conduit. Furthermore, the system has a source of a liquid agent and a metering device to selectively provide the agent from the source to the conduit. A water supply is coupled to the conduit to dilute the agent prior to reaching the pieces in the chamber. A controller is operatively coupled to the metering device to provide a delivery signal. The metering device responds to the delivery signal to adjust delivery of the agent to the conduit from a first non-zero rate to a second non-zero rate.
In an alternative form of the present invention, water and a colorant are mixed to produce a colorant liquid mixture during the movement of wood chips within a mixing chamber. Colorant supply to the liquid mixture is metered to control colorant amount or

When the International Normalised Ratio (INR) and International Sensitivity Index (ISI) were introduced by the World Health Organization (WHO), the aim was to harmonise PT results for oral anticoagulant therapy (5): PT results for a certain plasma or whole blood sample should be the same in INR units regardless of the reagent, instrument or method used. Today each commercial coagulation reagent (i.e. thromboplastin) for PT is calibrated against the primary WHO reference preparation. The results are used to calculate the relative sensitivity of the thromboplastin reagents declared in ISI (International Sensitivity Index). The INR results are then calculated according to the formula: INR=[PT ratio]ISI. However, increasing use of the INR format has led to appreciation of its limitations and recently it was found, that the agreement between a number of (or perhaps most) commercial INR methods is poor and clinically too much INR variation was present, thus compromising the good care of the patients (9,10).
Hemker and colleagues (1,2) were the first to characterise the role of protein induced by vitamin K absence or antagonists (Pivka). They discovered that coumarin therapy is associated with an endogenous competitive coagulation inhibitor, which they later named Pivka. The proteins in question were pre-stages of vitamin K-dependent factors. They inhibited the prothrombin-converting complex, presumably against coagulation factor X (FX) (3). It was found that Pivka factors lack gamma carboxyglutamic acid, which is necessary for calcium binding and thereby for “adsorption” of these factors to phospholipid surfaces. Thus, they are inactive analogs to active coagulation factors (4,5).
Talstad contemplates the question why the standardisation of PT is a problem and suggests PT standardization by correction of the Pivka inhibitor (15,16). Heckemann et al. discloses a method for simultaneous determination of functional coagulation factors and competitive Pivka-inhibitors based on enzyme kinetics (17). Moreover, immunochemical assays for Pivka are also known (see, e.g., U.S. Pat. No. 5,516,640). However, no simple and practical method for Pivka correction in PT tests has been introduced in the prior art yet. Consequently, the aim of the present invention was to study the Pivka effect further and compare the Quick and the Owren PT methods in view of Pivka by using different reagents.

This invention pertains to a method and apparatus for inputting commands to a computer using hand signals. More particularly, the present invention relates to a video gesture-based computer interface wherein images of hand gestures are used to control a computer and wherein motion of the user's hand or a portion thereof is tracked in a three-dimensional coordinate system with ten degrees of freedom.
II. Description of the Related Art
Various types of computer control and interface devices exist for inputting commands to a computer. Such devices may for example take the form of a computer mouse, joystick or trackball, wherein a user manipulates the interface device to perform a particular operation such as to select a specific entry from a menu of options, perform a "click" or "point" function, etc. A significant problem associated with such interface devices is that a surface area is needed for placement of the device and, in the case of a mouse, to accommodate device movement and manipulation. In addition, such interface devices are generally connected by a cable to a computer CPU with the cable typically draped across the user's desk, causing obstruction of the user's work area. Moreover, because interface device manipulation for performing operations is not consistent with common communication movements, such as the use of a pointing finger hand gesture to select a menu entry, as opposed to maneuvering a mouse until the cursor rests on the desired menu entry, a user must become comfortable and familiar with the operation of the particular interface device before proficiency in use may be attained.
To address these drawbacks, a video interface system for enabling a user to utilize hand gestures to issue commands to a computer has been developed and is described in the commonly assigned U.S. patent application entitled "Video Hand Image Computer Interface", Ser. No. 08/887,765 of Segen, filed Jul. 3, 1997 (hereinafter "Segen"), which is hereby incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. The Segen system, by way of preferred example, utilizes a video camera or other video input device connected to an image processing computer, with the camera positioned to receive images of an object such as a user's hand. The image processing capabilities of the computer act upon predetermined recognized hand gestures as computer commands. Hand images from the camera are converted to a digital format and input to the computer for processing. The results of the processing and attempted recognition of each image are sent to an application or the like for performing various functions or operations.
However, the use of both traditional two-dimensional input devices and the Segen system is

2. Description of the Related Art
Handheld devices with integrated digital television access are a relatively new phenomenon. Such technology has traditionally been limited by size, power consumption, and most importantly performance. Poor performance of such devices has typically been the result of the constantly changing receiver environment. More particularly, the quality of the received signal is affected by the device's ability to manage adjacent-channel rejection, low signal-to-noise ratios, and Doppler compensation, among other factors.
Digital Video Broadcasting-Handheld (DVB-H) is the specification for bringing broadcast services to handheld receivers, and was formally adopted as an ETSI (European Telecommunications Standards Institute) standard in November 2004. More specifically, DVB-H is a terrestrial digital TV standard that tends to consume less power than its predecessor, the Digital Video Broadcasting-Terrestrial (DVB-T) standard, and generally allows the receiver to move freely while receiving the signal transmission, thereby making it ideal for cellular phones and other mobile devices to receive digital TV broadcasting over the digiTV network, and hence without having to use cellular telephone networks.
In mobile TV systems such as DVB-H (ETSI EN 301 192), one radio frequency (RF) channel is shared among many TV channels (TV programs). Generally, these TV channels are multiplexed either in the time domain or in the frequency domain. When the TV channels are multiplexed in the time domain, each channel is given full access to the entire RF channel bandwidth for a short period of time (burst duration). After the burst is transmitted, bursts for other channels occupy the RF channel and so on. This multiplexing process is referred to as time division multiplexing (TDM). FIG. 1A illustrates an example of TDM of 15 TV channels on one RF channel. In FIG. 1, the TV channels are labeled 1, 2, 3, . . . , 15. In FIG. 1A, it is shown that each TV channel occupies the entire RF channel for 1/15 of the total time. Generally, a receiver (not shown) which is receiving only one channel (for example, channel 2) only has to be active (ON) during the periods of channel 2 bursts. In order to conserve battery consumption, such a receiver will shut off its circuits when channel 2 bursts are not occupying the RF channel. Thus, the receiver enters into a SLEEP mode. This demonstrates that TDM of TV channels can help reduce power consumption of a receiver watching a single channel.
On

Heat generated in the combustion chamber influences the mechanical property of the cylinder head inevitably, particularly for local areas around the intake valve and the exhaust valve, if they cannot be cooled in time, thermal deformation of these areas may be caused to influence the tightness of the intake valve and the exhaust valve, so that normal intake and exhaust are influenced, the working status of the gasoline engine becomes poor, the power is decreased, and the emission is influenced. In the prior art, in order to solve the cooling problem, as a cooling measure for the cylinder head, arrangement of cooling fins on the outer surface is generally adopted, the heat inside the combustion chamber is conducted to the cooling fins through the cylinder head, and taken away through air convention to achieve the purpose of cooling. As the nose bridge region formed on the combustion chamber surface between the intake valve and the exhaust valve is far away from the surface of the cylinder head, most of head cannot be taken away by the cooling fins in time, after the gasoline engine operates for a long time, the foregoing thermal deformation may be caused, so that the power and the emission of the gasoline engine are influenced.
The valve system of the gasoline engine is an essential component to guarantee normal operation of the gasoline engine, the opening and closing of the intake valve and the exhaust valve are respectively controlled by driving elements such as rocker arm assembly; the intake valve and the exhaust valve are respectively provided with rocker arm assemblies used for driving the opening and closing of the valves; the opening and closing of the intake valve and the exhaust valve are matched with suction, combustion and exhaust inside the combustion chamber to maintain normal operation of the gasoline engine. In the prior art, rocker arms and valves are arrayed in rectangular, that is, rocker arms are paratactic and approximately parallel, the intake and exhaust passages are matched with the valves, and a certain space has to be reserved to avoid influencing the quality of the intake and exhaust. It can be seen that the existing arrangement of valves not only occupies a large space, but also mismatches with the intake and exhaust direction of the intake passage and the exhaust passage, so that the power of the gasoline engine is decreased, and the emission is influenced; particularly for a structure with obliquely arranged valves, the occupation space may be further increased, and the arrangement of other components (such as carburetor/air filter and other parts) may be influenced.
Therefore, it is necessary to improve the existing general-purpose gasoline engine to make it have a combustion chamber structure

One payroll method created to solve the problem of the transient truck drivers, includes issuing an electronic card to the truck driver which gave the truck driver access to an account. The account contained the truck driver""s salary as well as any expense reimbursements incurred while on the road. The trucker could go to a service center, an automatic teller machine, or other establishments which accept the electronic card to withdraw his salary and expense reimbursements. While this method of paying the truck driver""s salaries fulfilled its intended purpose, it did not address the problem of getting the tax withholding information and other employment information to the employee. Therefore, the employer was still required to provide the employee with a check stub or similar document containing tax withholding information. Generally, an employer would print and mail the tax withholding information to the employee""s last known address. Consequently, the employer incurs expenses related to the time and effort involved in printing and mailing the tax withholding documents to the employee.
Therefore, what is desirable is a method and system which improves on the prior art by providing the employee with remote access to sums of money due the employee, and the personal employee information such as, hours and wages, taxes withheld, deductions, and personal as well as general company announcements.
The present invention overcomes the shortcomings of the prior art by providing a method and system for allowing an employee to withdraw sums of money and access employment information, including tax withholding data at a location convenient for the employee, such as convenience stores, grocery stores and the like.
In accordance with this and other objects, the present invention provides a system and method for managing a company payroll distribution. An employee is issued an identifier which may include a user ID code and a password for accessing an account. The employee may access the account at a remote payroll distribution device. The remote payroll distribution device enables the employee to withdraw a sum of money up to the total amount of money in the account, as well as receive personal employee information as typically displayed on a check stubs and other company issued documents. Other features include printing checks for payment to various establishments which effectively eliminates the need for bank checks. The present invention fulfills state and federal law requiring delivery of tax withholding information to employees. Furthermore, the method and system affords the employee greater flexibility than prior art systems as the employee has greater access to monies and information regarding his employment when traveling.
Thus, in accordance with one aspect of the present invention a method is provided for managing an employer""s payroll while providing a way for an employee to

A paint brush unloads paint relatively quickly where the end of the paint brush is not flagged. Flagged paint brushes are extremely expensive. A paint brush, even a flagged paint brush, leaves a trail because a paint brush is rectangular and paints like a boat running rearwardly in water or like a plow. Also, a paint brush has a relatively great amount of drag. A paint brush, even a flagged paint brush, leaves linear streaks (or linear bumps in the nature of ridges). Loading a paint brush is an art, known by few and practiced by even less. Loading a paint brush involves setting the paint up on the bristles above the flagging (or split ends or catches) without wiping the bristles on the rim of the can. Wiping the bristles on the side of the can to remove “excess” paint, practiced by most homeowners, is actually an unloading. In other words, the homeowner loads and unloads and then attempts to paint.
A paint roller leaves a trail on both sides and makes an orange peel effect. The high part of the bump does not dry well because it is too thick at such point. As one rolls, the roller lifts the paint from the surface because of the surface tension of the fiber, leaving a series of bumps.
A paint pad includes a foam backing and a layer of bristles glued onto the foam. The foam has some resiliency to permit a give to the layer of bristles as the layer of bristles run over the surface that is being painted. The foam further isolates the layer of bristles from the handle grasped by the user. The foam does not hold paint. The bristles unload paint instantly.
Paint may be sprayed with air, without air (airless), with air assist (air assist airless). Such painting produces the high/low (orange peel) effect. Airless is high volume, high pressure so one cannot do a fine finish. A wall has surface tension of its own. The surface tension is created by dirt and dust and residue on the wall. This surface tension has to be overcome for the sprayed paint to coat and stick to the wall. Further, the transfer efficiency of an air spray gun is about 25% to about 45%, of an airless spray gun is about 60%, of an air assist airless is about 75%, because with these methods much of the paint bounces off. With spray painting, everything

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a bearing assembly and, more particularly, to a self-lubricating bearing assembly having a debris removal system that improves the performance and/or life of the bearing assembly by removing debris, i.e., wear particles generating during normal bearing operation. The improved bearing assembly finds particular application in a power transmission device which includes trunnion and bearing sets for interconnecting and transferring power from a driving shaft of a power generating unit to a driven shaft of an operating unit and will be described with particular reference thereto. However, it is to be appreciated that the invention may relate to other similar environments and applications.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The mechanical transmission of power normally requires a transfer device which couples a power generating unit (source) to an operating unit in order to perform a mechanical function. The transfer device simultaneously couples the two units and transfers power between them. Often, shafts are used in power transmission assemblies and are joined by the transfer device for rotational and/or reciprocating energy transfer. This arrangement is often referred to as a “drive shaft” and the transfer device within the drive shaft arrangement is commonly called a “universal joint” where four (4) trunnions are utilized and a “tripot” where three (3) trunnions are used. Sometimes, however, the name “universal joint” is used more broadly to refer to any power transfer device regardless of the number of trunnions. A three trunnion tripot can also be referred to as a “constant velocity” joint. A typical drive shaft arrangement will normally utilize two universal joints whereas a “drive line” may use in excess of two universal joints and shafts. Many conventional passenger vehicles employ one drive shaft arrangement having two universal joints whereas many four-wheel drive vehicles and industrial/utility vehicles often employ two or more drive shaft arrangements or drive lines.
Universal joints function to (a) transmit a high starting or high stopping torque, including a reversal of direction of rotation, (b) maintain a continuous transfer of power at either constant or varying drive shaft revolutions, and (c) maintain a maximum power transfer between the power source and the operating unit or units during all relative drive line angles and length variations and vibrations. A common universal joint in use today is that which is sometimes referred to as the Hooke universal joint. In the Hooke joint, the driving and driven shafts are each provided with a yoke, the respective yokes are interconnected by a

When images are reproduced using conventional scanning processes, the resulting reproduction of an image is not an accurate reproduction of the original image. This is because the scanning devices use a limited color space. For example, spectral reflectance values, i.e. the actual color values reflected from or through the surface of the image, may be represented by a 36-dimensional spectral space while the scanner devices are limited to using a 3-dimensional color space, such as CIE Lab, RGB (red, green, blue), or the like. Thus, different image values in the 36-dimensional spectral space may be mapped to the same 3-dimensional color space values. This is known as metamerism.
Thus, due to metamerism, an image that is scanned by a scanning device does not completely represent the actual physical image. Furthermore, the reproduced image does not completely represent the original image, since many of the image values in the 36-dimensional spectral space have been lost during scanning of the image.
This invention is directed to spectrum inverter methods and apparatus. The spectrum inverter receives optical values, such as scanned input color values, from a scanning device and applies a spectrum inversion method to the optical values. The spectrum inversion method is selected based on a medium identifier that identifies the medium upon which the scanned image is formed. The resulting spectral space values are then output and may be used by an image output device to reproduce the scanned image.
In one exemplary embodiment of the spectrum inversion apparatus and methods of this invention, the spectrum inversion is implemented using a neural network that has three input layer nodes, ten hidden layer nodes, and thirty six output layer nodes. The optical values received from the scanning device are input into the input layer nodes and are inverted by the hidden and output layer nodes to output a 36-dimensional spectral space representation of the optical values. The weights of the nodes in the neural network are selected based on stored weight information corresponding to the medium identified by the medium identifier. These weights may be determined based on training the neural network using training data. Thus, a different set of weights may be used depending on the particular medium of the scanned image.
The medium identifier may be an alphanumeric identifier and may have a hierarchical arrangement. Thus, particular sub-categories of medium may be identified by various levels of the hierarchical medium identifier.
In this way, the spectrum inversion apparatus and methods of this invention may accurately reproduce a scanned image by obtaining spectral space image values from a limited color space representation of the scanned image. Thus,

2. Description of the Prior Art
Spectator events and, in particular, spectator sporting events have become a multibillion dollar a year business throughout the world. Millions of people attend their favorite sporting events, choosing among baseball, soccer, basketball, hockey, football, tennis, golf, auto racing, horse racing, boxing, and many others. Rather than merely watching sporting events on television, fans are willing to pay for the privilege of attending such events live in order to enjoy the spontaneity and excitement.
Audience reaction at live spectator events is generally gauged informally on crowd volume. At certain events, limited amounts of information are shared with audience members using large screen displays such as those available from Sony Corporation under the trademark JUMBOTRON™. However, the opportunities for audience participation and useful or meaningful audience feedback are limited.
Marketing research has shown that audience members desire both an opportunity to participate in the spectator event and enjoy interactivity with other audience members. Informed audience members desire an opportunity to share their opinions with others. Heretofore, there has been no practical means to solicit the aggregate positions and the opinions of audience members at large venues (e.g., stadiums, arenas, race tracks, golf courses, theme parks, and other expansive outdoor/indoor venues).
Fans at live spectator events have come to expect background information and detailed analysis from viewing televised sporting events at home and/or readily obtaining such information over the Internet. Further, audience members are becoming more and more accustomed to interactivity from their use of computer games, such as fantasy sports league games, that allow them to organize teams, determine game strategies and test their skill at managing a sports team. Accordingly, in order to continue attracting live audiences to attend these large venues, promoters have an incentive to provide audience members with an enhanced experience.
One example of a venue that would benefit from enhanced audience participation is major league baseball. The games last several hours, and audience members spend most of their time in and around a reserved seat. When going to the concession stand or restrooms, the fan misses part of the game. Further, opportunities for interaction and expressing one's opinion are typically limited to cheering or jeering. Occasionally, a single fan or a few fans are selected to participate in a contest, such as a trivia contest, but these opportunities are extremely limited. Nearly every fan has an opinion about how the game should be played, and would like an opportunity to express his or

The series of a-Base fragments originates from initial cleavage of the glycosidic bond by simultaneous abstraction of a C-2xe2x80x2 proton, followed by the elimination of the 3xe2x80x2-phosphate group and the C-4xe2x80x2 proton. This fragmentation scheme results in a residual fragment attached to the 3xe2x80x2-phosphate and affords a series of a-Base fragments whose masses increase sequentially from the 5xe2x80x2-terminus of the nucleic acid. Measurement of the masses of these collisionally induced fragments therefore affords the determination of the sequence of the nucleic acid in the 5xe2x80x2 to 3xe2x80x2 direction. The w series of fragments is generated via cleavage of the nucleic acid in a manner that leaves a phosphate residue on each fragment. Similarily, y fragments are based on cleavage of the nucleic acid in a manner that cleaves a phosphate residue. Thus monitoring the masses of w-series and y-series fragments allows determination of the sequence of the nucleic acid in the 3xe2x80x2 to 5xe2x80x2 direction. Using the sequence information generated from the series of fragments the sequence of deoxyribonucleic acids (DNA) may be ascertained. Obtaining similar mass spectrometric information for ribonucleic acids (RNA), is a much more difficult task. Collisionally induced dissociation (CID) of RNA is much less energetically favored than is the case for DNA because of the greater strength of the glucosidic bond in RNA. Hence, while small RNA such as 6-mers have been sequenced using CID MS, the sequencing of larger RNA has not been generally successful using tandem MS.
Currently, IRMPD methods are limited to mass spectrometers based on FTICR and QIT. With FTICR methods the kinetic energy release which accompanies the dissociation event can cause a redistribution of the ions in the trapped ion cell. Upon excitation, these ions can obtain a range of cyclotron radii, which precludes high performance mass measurements. Also, the laser irradiation interval is identical for each ion, which limits the dissociation pathways available to the ion.
FTICR-MS, like ion trap and quadrupole mass analyzers, allows selection of an ion that may actually be a weak noncovalent complex of a large biomolecule with another molecule (Marshall and Grosshans, Anal. Chem., 1991, 63, A215

Traditionally a lot of hydraulics and hydrology calculations of watersheds were done through engineering papers to get or calculate parameters and then type them as input for other programs or spreadsheets to get the result. A lot of time is wasted in charts searching, typing data and setting up a spreadsheet, there is no automatic error checking either. Most importantly, the experience of previous projects cannot be passed to the new ones easily. With the increasing use of GIS data, this huge amount of data sometimes makes finding data or even copying or pasting data a formidable task. In this new system of calculation, the computer programs can automatically find data from the database built from engineering charts, retrieve required results from the HEC-RAS, GIS or HEC-HMS etc., perform calculation for spreadsheets without typing formula, check input-data errors, and put the output in a popularly used format. It will save huge amount of time just for one round of calculation, and usually engineers need to change input parameters many times for each step of a project, the time needed for other rounds of calculations is just clicks away.
Previously some spreadsheets were setup to calculate parts of the parameters of a watershed. Compared to manual calculations, the spreadsheets are quick and flexible, but there are several drawbacks. The first disadvantage is that engineers need to be very careful with the formula and relationship between the spreadsheet cells. Some insertion, deletion or accidents can cause unnoticed mistakes, especially when used by other people who did not design the spreadsheets. The second disadvantage is that a single modification in the future will not be updated in the old releases of the spreadsheets, and is hard to maintain because of many versions. The third disadvantage is that it cannot pre-check the input data following the engineering concepts or computation rules.
Nowadays many applications and spreadsheets are used for some calculations already but are not optimized to form a seamless stream of calculation. The results of one application need special treatments to be used by other ones. One of the major reasons for this situation is the lack of the integration of enough computer knowledge with the thorough understanding of practical hydraulics and hydrology. Another reason is that some manual or half-manual routines are hard to be generalized and optimized mathematically through computerization because of its variety and specialty. So the final new tasks for this invention are to find an optimized computation process based on a thorough engineering knowledge and create new computation methods for the non-computerized work in the process.

The invention relates to a device for operating a fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type which is used for document scanning illumination of an information processing device, such as a fax machine, a copier, an image reader and the like, and for a back light device of a liquid crystal display and for similar purposes.
2. Description of the Related Art
A fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type is known as a fluorescent lamp which is used for document scanning illumination of an office automation device and for back light of a liquid crystal display of an office automation device and the like.
In the above described fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type, on the outside of a glass tube there is a pair of line-like or strip-like outer electrodes to which an uninterrupted high frequency voltage or a pulse-like high frequency voltage is applied to operate the lamp.
FIG. 12 is a schematic of an arrangement of the above described fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type. FIG. 12(a) shows a cross section of the fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type which corresponds to the direction perpendicular to the direction of the tube axis. FIG. 12(b) is a side view hereof.
As becomes apparent from FIG. 12, fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type 1 consists of discharge vessel 3 which consists of a dielectric such as glass or the like, a pair of strip-like or line-like electrodes 2, 2', and layers of fluorescent material 4 which are formed on the inside of discharge vessel 3. Electrodes 2, 2' are located on the side of discharge vessel 3 in the direction of the tube axis roughly over the entire length and consist of aluminum of the like.
Conventionally, above described fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type 1 has been operated by applying a high frequency voltage to the outer electrodes as in a cold cathode fluorescent discharge lamp of the inner electrode type. That is, high frequency main circuit 5 as shown in FIG. 13 is connected to the pair of electrodes 2, 2' of fluorescent discharge lamp of the outer electrode type 1. For example, a waveform high frequency AC voltage according to FIG. 14 is applied to electrodes 2, 2'. In this way a high frequency voltage is applied in the discharge space within discharge vessel 3 which is present between outer electrodes 2, 2' via the side discharge vessel 3, forming a discharge.
This approach is disclosed in the patent disclosure document of Japanese patent application HEI 3-225745 (U.S.

There are several computer system architectures that support distributed use of data over computer networks. These computer system architectures are used in applications such as corporate intranets, distributed database applications and video-on-demand services.
Video-on-demand services, for example, typically are designed with an assumption that a user will request an entire movie, and that the selected movie has a substantial length. The video-on-demand server therefore is designed to support read-only access by several subscribers to the same movie, possibly at different times. Such servers generally divide data into several segments and distribute the segments sequentially over several computers or computer disks. This technique commonly is called striping, and is described, for example, in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,473,362, 5,583,868 and 5,610,841. One problem with striping data for movies over several disks is that failure of one disk or server can result in the loss of all movies, because every movie has at least one segment written on every disk.
A common technique for providing reliability in data storage is called mirroring. A hybrid system using mirroring and sequential striping is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 5,559,764 (Chen et al.). Mirroring involves maintaining two copies of each storage unit, i.e., having a primary storage and secondary backup storage for all data. Both copies also may be used for load distribution. Using this technique however, a failure of the primary storage causes its entire load to be placed on the secondary backup storage.
Another problem with sequentially striping data over several disks is the increased likelihood of what is called a Aconvoy effect. A convoy effect occurs because requests for data segments from a file tend to group together at a disk and then cycle from one disk to the next (a Aconvoy≅). As a result, one disk may be particularly burdened with requests at the one time while other disks have a light load. In addition, any new requests to a disk must wait for the convoy to be processed, thus resulting in increased latency for new requests. In order to overcome the convoy effect, data may be striped in a random fashion, i.e., segments of a data file is stored in a random order among the disks rather than sequentially. Such a system is described in A Design and Performance Tradeoffs in Clustered Video Servers, by R. Tewari, et. al., in Proceedings of Mult

A user may access the Internet using a home personal computer (PC) equipped with a conventional modem. Special interface software is installed within the PC so that when the user wishes to access the Internet, an attached modem is automatically instructed to dial the telephone number associated with the local Internet host server. The user can then access information at any address accessible over the Internet. Two well-known software interfaces, for example, are the Netscape Navigator developed by Netscape, Inc. and the Microsoft Internet Explorer developed by Microsoft Corporation.
Information exchanged over the Internet is typically encoded in HyperText Mark-up Language (HTML) format. The HTML format is a scripting language that is used to generate the home pages for different content providers. In this setting, a content provider is an individual or company that places information (content) on the Internet so that it can be accessed by others. As is well known in the art, the HTML format is a set of conventions for marking different portions of a document so that each portion appears in a distinctive format. For example, the HTML format identifies or xe2x80x9ctagsxe2x80x9d portions of a document to identify different categories of text (e.g., the title, header, body text, etc.). When a web browser accesses an HTML document, the web browser reads the embedded tags in the document so it appears formatted in the specified manner.
The structure of the Internet as such and the easy access to it are reasons why the Internet is considered to be an xe2x80x9cuntrustedxe2x80x9d network. In view of the amount of transactions that occur over the Internet, secured transactions are of great importance. In addition, the parties involved in a transaction should be able to rely on the identity of the other party with whom personal and confidential data is exchanged.
Common methods of securing transactions and authentizising/identifying users occur via passwords and/or account numbers. This authentication information is in most cases coupled with personal user data such as credit card number, billing address, phone number, etc. While transmitted over the Internet, this information is exposed to a large number of users who may fraudulently intercept the information.
In addition to these security concerns, a further concern is that users can camouflage their real identity, for example, by regularly changing the screen name and/or their return address in an electronic mail message (email).
The present invention provides a system and a method of

In the liquid crystal display field, thin film transistors (TFTs) based on poly-crystalline silicon are preferred because of their ability to transport electrons more effectively. Poly-crystalline based silicon transistors (p-Si) are characterized as having a higher mobility than those based on amorphous-silicon based transistors (a-Si). This allows the manufacture of smaller and faster transistors, which ultimately produces brighter and faster displays. One problem with p-Si based transistors is that their manufacture requires higher process temperatures than those employed in the manufacture of a-Si transistors. These temperatures range from 450° C. to 600° C. compared to the 350° C. peak temperatures typically employed in the manufacture of a-Si transistors. At these temperatures, most AMLCD glass substrates undergo a process known as compaction. Compaction, also referred to as thermal stability or dimensional change, is an irreversible dimensional change (shrinkage) in the glass substrate due to changes in the glass' fictive temperature. “Fictive temperature” is a concept used to indicate the structural state of a glass. Glass that is cooled quickly from a high temperature is said to have a higher fictive temperature because of the “frozen in” higher temperature structure. Glass that is cooled more slowly, or that is annealed by holding for a time near its annealing point, is said to have a lower fictive temperature. When a glass is held at an elevated temperature, the structure is allowed to relax its structure towards the heat treatment temperature. Since the glass substrate's fictive temperature is almost always above the relevant heat treatment temperatures in thin film transistor (TFT) processes, this structural relaxation causes a decrease in fictive temperature which therefore causes the glass to compact (shrink/densify).
It would be advantageous to minimize the level of compaction in the glass because compaction creates possible alignment issues during the display manufacturing process which in turn results in resolution problems in the finished display.
There are several approaches to minimize compaction in glass. One is to thermally pretreat the glass to create a fictive temperature similar to the one the glass will experience during the p-Si TFT manufacture. There are several difficulties with this approach. First, the multiple heating steps employed during the p-Si TFT manufacture create slightly different fictive temperatures in the glass that cannot be fully compensated for by this pretreatment. Second, the thermal stability of the glass becomes closely linked to the details of the p-Si TFT manufacture, which could mean different pretreatments for different end-users

It is one more object of the present invention to avoid congestion of information.
It is another object of the present invention to transmit information more efficiently.
To achieve the above objects, according to the present invention, a wireless transceiver on a reception side performs the steps of: measuring a predetermined property (e.g., a radio strength) of a radio signal received from another wireless transceiver; and by using the measured predetermined property and a corresponding response policy (e.g., a response policy concerning radio strength), determining the response timing to the received radio signal. The predetermined property includes a physical property, and the response policy may be one that is stored internally, or one that is extracted from the received radio signal.
If the measured radio strength satisfies a condition designated by the response policy, the response timing can be set for an earlier time following the receipt of a radio signal than in a case where the condition is not satisfied. When a specific wireless transceiver responds to a radio signal more quickly than does another wireless transceiver, the probability of establishing a connection is increased. Therefore, the probability is increased that a connection will be established between wireless transceivers that matches the response policy.
In particular, if a response policy designates a radio strength equal to or less than a predetermined level and if the measured radio strength is equal to or less than the predetermined level, the response timing can be set for an earlier time following the receipt of a radio signal than in a case where the measured radio strength exceeds the predetermined level. Therefore, the probability will increase that a wireless transceiver which has transmitted a radio signal will be connected with another wireless transceiver at a relatively distant location.
In addition to the above steps, the following steps may be executed: checking the communication history with another wireless transceiver that has transmitted the radio signal; and if the communication history shows that within a predetermined period of time there is a communication with another wireless transceiver, determining that no response to the radio signal will be sent. This occurs because the communication efficiency of the overall system is reduced if, for the exchange of similar information, a specific wireless transceiver is repeatedly connected to the same wireless transceiver within a short period of time.
A wireless transceiver on a transmission side performs the steps of: specifying a response policy concerning a radio strength for other wireless transceivers that will receive a radio signal; and transmitting to other wireless transceivers a radio signal including the specified response policy. As a result, a wireless transceiver on a transmission side can

In the H.264 described above, “skip mode” is defined as a case in which the entire coded residual data equivalent to a single block obtained by the inter-picture prediction using a direct mode is assumed to be “0”. The following processing is performed when a block is coded using a skip mode by the moving picture coding apparatus shown in FIG. 1. The motion estimation unit 301 outputs the reference picture numbers RefNo1, RefNo2, the motion vectors MV1, MV2 as well as the prediction type PredType indicating a skip mode. The variable length coding unit 302 performs variable length coding only for the prediction type PredType and outputs it as coded moving picture data Str0 through the processing explained above, when the prediction type PredType indicates a skip mode. The following processing is performed when the coded data of the block coded using a skip mode is inputted to the moving picture decoding apparatus shown in FIG. 4. The variable length decoding unit 601 performs variable length decoding on the prediction type PredType. When the prediction type PredType indicates a skip mode, the motion compensation unit 602 outputs, through the processing operated in the case of direct mode explained above, the reference picture numbers NRefNo1, NRefNo2, the motion vectors NMV1, NMV2 as well as the prediction type PredType indicating a skip mode.
In the H.264 as described above, arbitrary reference pictures can be selected out of a plurality of coded pictures regardless of the display time of the current picture. However, the arbitrary reference pictures are selected by performing motion estimation for the plurality of the coded pictures in this case, therefore, the processing burden caused by the motion estimation becomes very large. The plural reference picture interpolation prediction also contains a problem of degrading the coding efficiency since it requires coding of reference picture numbers and motion vectors for every two reference pictures.
Furthermore, when inter-picture prediction is performed for a picture using a picture whose display time is later than that of the current picture as a reference picture, as in the case of bi-directional prediction described in the conventional technique, the picture has to be coded in an order different from a display order, which causes a delay. In a case of real time communication such as a videophone, bi-directional predictive pictures cannot be used because of the delay. In the H.264, however, two arbitrary reference pictures can be selected regardless of display order information, therefore, the delay caused by coding can be eliminated by performing a plural reference picture interpolation prediction with a

The biggest challenge for HEMs/HEIs at present is achieving a high chemical stability at desired operation temperatures of 80° C. or more, and ideally 95° C. or more (e.g., in the presence of nucleophilic hydroxide ions). Varcoe et al., Energ Environ Sci 2014, 7, 3135. The most commonly encountered cationic functional groups (e.g., benzyl trimethyl ammonium and alkyl chain ammonium) can undergo a number of degradation processes in the presence of hydroxide ions nucleophiles by direct nucleophilic substitution and Hofmann elimination. Moreover, the polymer backbone of most base polymers for HEM/HEI applications (e.g., polysulfone and poly(phenylene oxide)) unavoidably contains ether linkages along the backbone, which makes the HEMs/HEIs potentially labile under high pH conditions. Lee et al., Acs Macro Lett 2015, 4, 453; Lee et al., Acs Macro Lett 2015, 4, 814. The strongly nucleophilic hydroxide ions attack these weak bonds and degrade the polymer backbone. Thus, alternative cationic groups, organic tethers, and polymer backbones are needed to enhance chemical stability of HEMs/HEIs.
Another concern regarding current HEMs/HEIs is their hydroxide conductivity. In comparison to Nafion, HEMs have intrinsically lower ionic conductivities under similar conditions, because the mobility of OH− is lower than that of H. Hibbs et al., Chem Mater 2008, 20, 2566. Greater ion-exchange capacity (IEC) is needed for HEMs/HEIs to achieve greater hydroxide conductivity. However, high IEC usually leads to a membrane having high water uptake (i.e., a high swelling ratio), decreasing the morphological stability and mechanical strength of the membrane, especially after repeated wet-dry cycles. This highly swollen state when wet is a major reason for decreased flexibility and brittleness of HEMs when dry. The removal of the trade-off between high hydroxide conductivity and low water uptake has been a major setback in designing high-performance HEMs/HEIs. Pan et al., Energ Environ Sci 2013, 6, 2912. Chemical cross-linking, physical reinforcement, side-chain polymerization, and block-copolymer architecture have been tried to reduce water uptake while maintaining acceptable hydroxide conductivity, but these techniques bring challenging problems, e.g., reduced mechanical flexibility, decreased alkaline stability, and/or increased cost

The cyanate esters can be monomeric or preferably polymeric, including oligomers and can be represented by those materials containing the following group: 
where A represents independently a single bond, xe2x80x94Sxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94Sxe2x80x94Sxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94SOxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94COxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CO2xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94C(CH3)2xe2x80x94; divalent alkylene radicals substituted with heteroatoms such as O, S and N; divalent alkylene radicals interrupted by heteroatoms in the chain such as O, S, and N; and divalent cyclic alkylene groups.
Each R is independently selected from the group of hydrogen alkyl containing 1 to 9 carbon atoms, aryl containing 6 to 14 carbon atoms, alkaryl containing 6-14 carbon atoms, and halogen. Each n independently is an integer of 0 to 4.
Specific cyanate esters that can be employed in the present invention are available and known and include those discussed in U.S. Pat. Nos.: 4,195,132; 3,681,292; 4,740,584; 4,745,215; 4,477,629; and 4,546,131, the disclosures of which are incorporated herein by reference. Some examples of suitable cyanate esters are 4,4xe2x80x2-dicyanatodiphenyl, 2,2xe2x80x2-dicyanatodiphenyl, 3,3xe2x80x2,5,5xe2x80x2-tetramethyl-4,4xe2x80x2-dicyanatodiphenyl, 3,3xe2x80x2,5,5xe2x80x2-tetrachloro-4,4xe2x80x2-dicyanatodiphenyl, 3,3xe2x80x2,5,5xe2x80x2-tetrachloro-2,2xe2x80x2-dicyanatodip

One major problem with per-oral delivery is metabolic breakdown of the pharmaceuticals as they pass through the gastro-intestinal tract. Metabolic processes may cause the drug to break down into non-active or even harmful metabolites. This means that the required therapeutic dose will be unnecessarily large and that unwanted side effects may occur. A further disadvantage is that it is difficult to optimize the dose on an individual basis. In addition, for some pharmaceuticals, metabolic breakdown makes it unsuitable to use oral delivery.
The risk of deliberate or inadvertent overdosing is also a concern as the required therapeutic dose must be higher than the theoretically required dose in order to compensate for metabolic breakdown.
An orally ingested drug will also require a relatively long time before any effect of the drug is noticed. This means that where a quick response is particularly important such as with pain killers or drugs for motion sickness, there is a strong need for a better delivery system.
Nausea and vomiting may also prohibit uptake of a drug when administered orally. Migraines and motion sickness which are accompanied by such symptoms are examples of conditions where it is often too late for ingested drugs to have an effect once the symptoms have set in.
In order to overcome the deficiencies of oral delivery, it has previously been suggested to use injections, or sprays delivered to the oral or nasal cavity. A further alternative method is anal delivery. All these delivery methods suffer from drawbacks such as being technically complicated, unduly expensive, unpleasant, or painful.
Furthermore, it has been proposed to administer pharmaceutical agents by means of tablets which dissolve in the oral cavity and release the pharmaceutical agent. Such a tablet is disclosed in EP 1 295 595 A1. However, tablets disintegrating in the mouth suffer from a considerable drawback in that the uptake rate of pharmaceutical agents through the oral mucosa may be too low and that a smaller or larger proportion of the pharmaceutical agent may be inadvertently swallowed by the treated person. Further, when administering a pharmaceutical agent by means of tablets, the tablets will necessarily contain additional substances such as fillers, flavouring, etc. admixed with the active substance. When the tablets contain a small amount of active substance, it is a problem to achieve uniform distribution of the active substance in the tablets so that all tablets contain the same amount of active substance.
With the tablets in EP 1 295 595 A1, the exact dose that is actually administered on each occasion cannot be controlled. Consequently, there is a risk that the administered dose is too low to have the desired effect on

2.3. SH3 Binding Peptides
As mentioned above, it has long been suspected that SH3 domains are sites of proteinxe2x80x94protein interaction, but it has been unclear what SH3 domains actually bind. Efforts to identify ligands for SH3 domains have led to the characterization of a number of SH3-binding proteins, including 3BP1 and 2 (Ren, R., Mayer, et al., in Science (1993) 259:1157-61), SOS (Olivier, J. P., et al., in Cell (1993) 73:179-91; and Rozakis-Adcock, M., et al., in Nature (1993) 363:83-5), p85 PI-3xe2x80x2 Kinase (Xingquan, L., et al., in Mol. Cell. Biol. (1993) 13:5225-5232), dynamin (Gout, I., et al., in Cell (1993) 75:25-36), AFAP-110 (Flynn, D. C., et al., in Mol. Cell. Biol. (1993) 13:7892-7900), and CD42 (Barfod, E. T., et al., in J. Biol. Chem. (1993) 268:26059-26062). These proteins tend to possess short, proline-rich stretches of amino acids, some of which have been directly implicated in SH3 binding. A variety of consensus sequences have been proposed, although the similarity among proline-rich regions of different SH3-binding proteins tends to be fairly low. Also, attempts to build consensus sequences are likely complicated by the incorporation of data from proteins that bind different SH3 domains.
Thus, Cicchetti, P., et al., in Science (1992) 257:803-806, published their work relating to the isolation and sequencing of two naturally-occurring proteins that could be bound in vitro by the SH3 domain of the abl oncogene product. These workers found that SH3 domains bind short, proline-rich regions of such proteins. Subsequently, this same group disclosed further results (Ren, R. et al., supra) in which the SH3 binding sites of the SH3 binding proteins were localized to xe2x80x9ca nine- or ten-amino acid stretch rich in proline residues.xe2x80x9d A consensus sequence incorporating the features of the SH3 binding

The speed and efficiency through which investments can be executed through electronic trading systems provide many benefits. In many markets, Electronic Exchanges facilitate a greater number of market participants than do other Trading Exchanges. The greater the number of market participants, the greater the market's liquidity. In liquid markets, prices are driven down by competition; prices reflect a consensus of what an investment is worth; and the trading systems provide a free and open dissemination of information.
While speed and efficiency of many electronic markets can enhance market participant's wealth, these same qualities can increase the adverse affect of a trade that is executed in error. Specifically, orders executed at prices substantially away from a market price can cause other market participants both in their markets and in related markets to make unsound decisions. In a futures market, for example, a buyer's large order executed at a price much higher than a prevailing market price can cause other sellers to substantially raise their prices, ultimately, pricing some buyers out of that market and leading to executed transactions that result in substantial losses for other buyers. In futures markets these errors can induce buyers and sellers in that market, in a related derivative market, and/or in an underlying cash market to make unsound decisions. The harmful effect of an erroneous trade can extend well beyond the market participants of that trade by affecting the integrity of the entire market and other markets. Furthermore, undetected erroneous trades may have a lasting impact on historical price information and various technical charting strategies used by market participants.
To mitigate these harmful effects, some Exchanges have adopted policies and procedures that, in appropriate cases, permit the cancellation of a clearly erroneous trade. Some of these Exchanges attempt a prompt resolution of a trade error by establishing a narrow timeframe within which a party may request that a trade be cancelled. To assure that only erroneous trades that may significantly affect other market participants are the only trades subject to cancellation, some Exchanges adopted a “no-bust range.” In a “no-bust range,” erroneous trades executed within a price range may not be subject to cancellation, even if executed in error to avoid penalizing the innocent traders that lack notice. Unfortunately, the “no-bust range” can be susceptible to subjectivity as Exchanges are not always able to define an “erroneous price.”
Although many policies and procedures are intended to enhance the integrity of markets, some are not agile enough to respond to the many errors that an Electronic Exchange encounters. The increasing use of automated arbitrage systems, for example, allow some market

Conventional ball milling of industrial powders or pigments typically leads to particulates which are on the order of about 1 to 2 micrometers in diameter, and generally not less than about 0.1 micrometers in size under optimal or extreme conditions. See for example, "Dispersion of Powders in Liquids", 3rd ed., G. D. Parfitt Ed., Applied Science Publishers, 1981, the disclosure of which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. Moreover, attempts to mill or grind particles to their primary particle size or to sizes smaller than about 100 nanometers usually fail because of particle aggregation or agglomeration into larger particles from Van der Waals' forces between like particles.
The prior art discloses methods of preparing submicron and smaller particles, for example, where nanometer sized particles must be prepared or grown de novo, that is, built up from individual atoms constituting the desired particle. This approach is disadvantaged in a number of respects, for example, the method requires that the reactants be maintained at low instantaneous concentrations to avoid large particle formation or agglomeration; and the product particles are typically at high dilution so that isolation and purification are costly and labor intensive.
The present invention, in embodiments, provides a superior small particle preparative process wherein a particle size reduction process permits large size particles, for example, of from about 0.1 micrometers to 10,000 micrometers or more, to be reduced in size to particles with below about 0.1 micrometers or 100 nanometers utilizing conventional ball mill or grinding equipment, for example, in embodiments, to volume average diameters of from about 3 to about 30 nanometers. The processes of the present invention also permits submicron sized particles to be further reduced in size, for example, of from about 200 to about 800 nanometers to less than about 100 nanometers.
The processes and products of the present invention are useful in many applications, for example, as a variety of specialty applications including liquid developer compositions for electrophotographic, magnetographic, and ink jet imaging processes. In embodiments of the present invention, the preparative processes are useful in formulating dry and liquid containing small sized particulate marking materials for use in printing applications, and for the preparation of small sized particulate colored and weakly colored ferrofluids for use in known applications.
Magnetic fluids selected for the present invention include those fluids which are known in the art as "ferrofluids". Magnetic ferrofluids, or ferrofluids, are ultra-

2. Description of the Related Art
Computer architectures have advanced greatly over the years. Lately it is becoming more and more commonplace for chip designers to include external data interfaces, such as Universal Serial Bus (USB) interfaces into their motherboards. These interfaces are known as host controllers. The processor is typically then connected to the other components of the computer system via an input/output (I/O) interconnect system.
There are many different computer I/O interconnect standards available. One of the most popular over the years has been the peripheral component interconnect (PCI) standard. PCI allows the bus to act like a bridge, which isolates a local processor bus from the peripherals, allowing a Central Processing Unit (CPU) of the computer to run must faster.
Recently, a successor to PCI has been popularized, termed PCI Express (or, simply, PCIe). PCIe provides higher performance, increased flexibility and scalability for next-generation systems, while maintaining software compatibility with existing PCI applications. Compared to legacy PCI, the PCI Express protocol is considerably more complex, with three layers—the transaction, data link and physical layers.
In a PCI Express system, a root complex device connects the processor and memory subsystem to the PCI Express switch fabric comprised of one or more switch devices (embodiments are also possible without switches, however). In PCI Express, a point-to-point architecture is used. Similar to a host bridge in a PCI system, the root complex generates transaction requests on behalf of the processor, which is interconnected through a local I/O interconnect. Root complex functionality may be implemented as a discrete device, or may be integrated with the processor. A root complex may contain more than one PCI Express port and multiple switch devices can be connected to ports on the root complex or cascaded.
Some of the host controllers built into chips compatible with PCIe interconnects use the PCIe reference clock as the reference clock for data communications over the external data interfaces. For example, some PCIe-to-USB3.0 host controllers use the PCIe reference clock for transmissions over USB3.0.
A lot of personal computers have non-compliant PCIe clocks, due to overclocking, or the use of a center-spread reference clock instead of a down-spread reference clock to avoid electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) issues. When the clock is used solely for PCIe, these non-compliant clocks have no ill-effect, because the clock signal travels with the data, and thus the receiving

Polymerizable vinyl adhesive compositions that are useful for a variety of adhesive, coating, filling, repair and related applications are well known in the art. Prior art compositions include formulations based on acrylate and methacrylate monomers, styrene monomer and styrene derivatives as well as polyester and vinyl ester resins. The compositions are generally liquids or pastes that polymerize and cure when two separately packaged components, one of which contains a polymerization initiator, generally a peroxide, and the other of which contains a promoter, generally an amine, are mixed just prior to use.
A particularly useful group of polymerizable vinyl compositions comprises mixtures of dissolved or dispersed polymers in acrylate or methacrylate monomers. Such compositions can provide a number of performance benefits for adhesive bonding and related applications, including high bond strength, adhesion to a variety of materials with minimal surface preparation, and rapid curing. Methyl methacrylate is a preferred monomer for these adhesives because it is relatively low in cost and provides high strength properties in formulated compositions. This group of polymerizable compositions is recognized by those skilled in the art as being superior in many respects to those based on polyester resins and vinyl ester resins, particularly in terms of their ductility and adhesion to a variety of material surfaces.
Polyester resins generally contain styrene, which is lower in cost than methyl methacrylate. They are widely used in automobile body fillers, polyester marine putties, and other filling, bonding and repair materials. Polyester/styrene compositions are preferred for applications that emphasize the ability to economically fill large voids and gaps with adequate functional performance rather than those that emphasize physical properties and related performance attributes at a premium cost. Thus, one surprising aspect of this invention is the achievement of improvements in the performance of the inventive compositions through the incorporation of polyester resins.
Many of the benefits provided by the inventive compositions are useful for the non-adhesive applications cited above. However, adhesive applications are among the most demanding of those anticipated for such compositions. For this reason, the discussion and examples that follow, and the inventive improvements therein will emphasize adhesive applications, with the understanding that they can readily be extended to the other applications cited.
The growing acceptance of methacrylate adhesives has extended their use to larger and larger assemblies and applications, which has resulted in more demanding application requirements. For example, large fabricated assemblies require adhesives with longer open time. For adhesive applications, open time, working time, and open working time are interchangeable terms that define the elapsed time between the mixing of the separate adhesive

Catalytic carbon-carbon bond formation by C—H activation is a topic of much current interest. Significant progress has been made in recent years in the development of synthetically useful catalytic addition of arenes to alkenes to give the saturated alkyl arenes (Murai et al, 1993; Kakiuchi et al, 1996; Jia et al, 2000a, 2000b; Matsumoto et al, 2000a).
Catalytic oxidative coupling of arenes with alkenes to give aryl alkenes, in which the double bond is preserved, is a highly desirable goal. Such a reaction, which does not require the utilization of a reactive substituent, and does not produce waste, may have an advantage over other methods for the preparation of aromatic alkenes, such as the well-known Heck reaction for the vinylation of aryl halides. Stoichiometric coupling of olefins with arenes promoted by Pd(II) is well known (Moritani et al, 1967; U.S. Pat. No. 3,674,884, 1972).
Tsuji et al (1984) and lately Fujiwara et al (1996) and Mikami et al (1999) have demonstrated catalysis by utilizing peroxides as oxidants in their systems. While good catalytic activity was achieved with some alkenes, acrylates resulted in low activity (˜10 turnovers). The use of peroxide oxidants and acetic acid solvent in these systems is problematic from the industrial point of view. Attempts to use O2 or air resulted in low activity in intramolecular (Miura et al, 1997, 1998) and intermolecular (Fujiwara et al, 1969, 1976; Asano et al, 1970; Shue, 1972; U.S. Pat. No. 3,855,329) coupling and alkene oxidation took place in the intermolecular reaction.
Another approach utilizing Rh carbonyl clusters under high (20-30 atm) CO pressure (Hong et al, 1984) resulted in modest catalytic activity with concomitant hydrocarbonylation of the alkene. Low catalytic activity was reported for the Rh-catalyzed photochemical coupling of arenes with alkenes, in which concomitant hydrogenation of the alkene took place and biaryls were formed as by-products (Sasaki et al, 1988; JP 1193241). A very low yield Rh catalyzed oxidative phenylation of ethylene to styrene was reported (Matsumoto et al

The hop plant, Humulus lupulus, is a twining vine that is a member of the mulberry (Cannabinaceae) family. It has inconspicuous flowers, the pistillate ones of which form glandular, cone-shaped catkins which, when ripe and dried, find familiar use to impart a bitter flavor to beverages derived from malt. Hop has been used to flavor and preserve wort and beer since the 12th century in Germany and the 15th century in England. Its resins, which reside in the yellow glands of its cones, have been known to possess antimicrobial properties. Those resins are extracted from the cones, usually by supercritical carbon dioxide treatment, or by extraction with organic solvents, and are today most often used in the form of extracts.
With respect to the chemical nature of hop compounds, they are weak acids classified as alpha bitter resins and beta bitter resins or bitter acids. Alpha bitter acids are represented by humulone and its cogeners, cohumulone, adhumulone, prehumulone and posthumulone. The beta resins are represented by lupulone often referred to as Lupulon and its cogeners, colupulone, adlupulone, and prelupulone. The alpha and beta acids have alicyclic structures (2,4-cyclohexodine-1-one), but their cogeners differ in the nature of the acyl side chain. While the alpha acids and their derivatives, the iso acids, contribute most to the bitterness of beer, there are many other, sometimes minor constituents that contribute to preservation and bitterness. One of these compounds is xanthohumol, which has also been found to fall within the scope of the present invention.
The antimicrobial properties of hop compounds are well-known; their extracts primarily are used to inhibit the growth of gram positive microbes, and they are usually inactive against gram negative bacteria. Yeast is not inhibited by hop compounds. Fungi are either not inhibited or inhibited at unfavorably high concentrations of hop extracts. Prior to our work, little if anything was known about the effect of hop extracts on protozoa, the only possible exception being work in U.S. Pat. No. 5,827,895 by Nutter et al. about the inhibition of the pathogenic protozoa Leishmania by a chemically modified hop derivative, hexahydrolupulone. However, it has now been found that different

Geographical boundary based tracking, some times referred to as geofence tracking, is the monitoring of movement of assets such as packages, equipment, vehicles, moving targets and personnel with respect to one or more defined geographic boundaries, regions or areas. The boundary may be imaginary (i.e., without fixed real world fences or boarders) or may be inherently defined (e.g., within the city limits or on a highway). Such tracking may be used to monitor and record the crossing, entry or exit of an asset (such as a vehicle) as it passes the geographical boundary and to alert a system operator of movement activities of the asset if the asset strays from a normal protocol.
A geographical boundary may define and enclose an area (e.g., defined by a circle), a corridor (e.g., defined by a pair of parallel lines), a boarder (e.g., defined by a single line) and the like. Initially, an asset may have an unknown position. Once a position is determined, the position along with its uncertainty may be inside the boundary, outside the boundary or straddling the boundary. An asset straddles a boundary when its area of position uncertain partially overlaps with both sides of the geographical boundary. An asset's location may be established by one or more position fixes. A position fix may be obtained via a single or a combination of a variety of modes or positioning sources, including but not limited to: stand-alone GPS with no system assistance; MS-based (Mobile Station-based) GPS with system assistance for initialization; MS-assisted (Mobile Station-assisted) with an external entity performing the fix; AFLT (Advanced Forward Link Trilateration) based on CDMA sectors triangulation; hybrid based on GPS and CDMA sectors triangulation; and sector center based on sector location. One skilled in the art would understand that other modes as well as various steps for processing the position fix may be used without altering the scope of the disclosure.
Position fixes have various confidence levels due to inherent errors. These inherent errors can greatly affect the reliability of geographical boundary based tracking. If the error level of the position fixes is high, the reliability of such tracking is reduced. The reliability of geographical boundary based tracking may also be reduced when only non-continuous position fixes are available. The level of reliability may depend on the time interval with which position fixes of the asset become available. Additionally, the reliability of geographical tracking may be affected by other conditions, such as the shape of

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to anti-CD147 antibodies and their use as therapeutics.
2. Related Art
CD147 is a member of the immunoglobulin (Ig) superfamily that is expressed on a large number of different cells in a variety of tissues. It was originally named human Basigin (for basic immunogloblin superfamily) and was first cloned in about 1991. (Miyauchi et al. J Biochem (Tokyo) 110:770-774 (1991); Kanekura et al. Cell. Struct Funct 16:23-30 (1991); Miyauchi et al. J Biochem (Tokyo) 110:770-774 (1991)). The bsg gene product, CD147, also known as EMMPRIN (Extracellular Matrix Metalloprotein Inducer”) isoform II (NCBI Accession No. NP—940991) is a propolypeptide 269 amino acids in length (SEQ ID NO: 1, FIG. 1), having a signal peptide 22 or 24 amino acids in length, a 183 amino acid extracellular domain, a transmembrane domain from residues 208-228, and an intracellular domain from residue 229 to the 269th residue. According to the curated NCBI record, the extracellular domain (ECD) is comprised of two immunoglobulin-like domains: a C2-type domain from residue 22 to 103 and a V-like domain from residue 105-199 (FIG. 1). A number of splice variants have also been reported.
CD147 is a pleiotropic molecule playing a role in fetal development, retinal function, and in T-cell maturation. It has been shown to be a cell-surface receptor for cyclophilins. It is expressed in areas of tissue remodeling: tumors, endometrium, placenta, skin and regions undergoing angiogenesis (See Iacono et al. 2007. Exp Mol. Path 83:283-295) and stimulates matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and VEGF production. CD147 is induced upon monocyte differentiation and is expressed in human atheroma (Major T C, Liang L, Lu X, Rosebury W, Bocan T M. 2002. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 22: 1200-1207). It has been shown that CD147 promotes invasion and metastasis in different tumor types via the induction of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and the urokinase-type plasminogen activator system by peritumoral stromal cells. CD147 is also involved in angiogenesis

While excitation is desirable in some clinical scenarios, such as to provide a perception of a sensory nerve stimulation equivalent, relatively high-levels of excitation may also be utilized to provide the functional equivalent of inhibition in an “overdrive” or “hyperstimulation” configuration. For example, a hyperstimulation configuration has been utilized with capsaicin, the active component of chili peppers, to essentially overdrive associated pain receptors in a manner that prevents pain receptors from otherwise delivering pain signals to the brain (i.e., in an analgesic indication). An example of clinical use of hyperstimulation is the Brindley anterior sacral nerve root stimulator for electrical stimulation of bladder emptying (Brindley et al. Paraplegia 1982 20:365-381; Brindley et al. Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Psychiatry 1986 49:1104-1114; Brindley Paraplegia 1994 32:795-805; van der Aa et al. Archives of Physiology and Biochemistry 1999 107:248-256; Nosseir et al. Neurourology and Urodynamics 2007 26:228-233; Martens et al. Neurourology and Urodynamics 2011 30:551-555). In a parallel manner, hyperstimulation or overdriving of excitation with an excitatory opsin configuration may provide inhibitory functionality. It may also be referred to as a hyperstimulation block when used to produce a depolarization block.
Other opsin configurations have been found to directly inhibit signal transmission without hyperstimulation or overdriving. For example, light stimulation of halorhodopsin (“NpHR”), a chloride ion pump, hyperpolarizes neurons and directly inhibits spikes in response to yellow-wavelength (˜589 nm) light irradiation. Other more recent variants (such as those termed “eNpHR2.0” and “eNpHR3.0”) exhibit improved membrane targeting and photocurrents in mammalian cells. Light driven proton pumps such as archaerhodopsin-3 (“Arch”) and “eARCH”, and ArchT, Leptosphaeria maculans fungal opsins (“Mac”), enhanced bacteriorhodopsin (“eBR”), and Guillardia theta rhodopsin-3 (“GtR3”) may also be utilized to hyperpolarize neurons and block signaling. Direct hyperpolarization is a specific and physiological intervention that mimics normal neuronal inhibition. Suitable inhibitory ops

The present invention relates to a coating system for the generation of protective surface alloys for high temperature metal alloy products and, more particularly, relates to the provision of a metal alloy coating on the internal wall surfaces of high-temperature stainless steel tubes to produce a coating that provides corrosion resistance and reduces the formation of catalytic coking in hydrocarbon processing such as in olefin production and in direct reduction of ores.
2. Description of the Related Art
Stainless steels are a group of alloys based on iron, nickel and chromium as the major constituents, with additives that can include carbon, tungsten, niobium, titanium, molybdenum, manganese, and silicon to achieve specific structures and properties. The major types are known as martensitic, ferritic, duplex and austenitic steels. Austenitic stainless steel generally is used where both high strength and high corrosion resistance is required. One group of such steels is known collectively as high temperature alloys (HTAs) and is used in industrial processes that operate at elevated temperatures generally above 650xc2x0 C. and extending to the temperature limits of ferrous metallurgy at about 1150xc2x0 C. The major austenitic alloys used have a composition of iron, nickel or chromium in the range of 18 to 41 wt % chromium, 18 to 48 wt % nickel, balance iron and other alloying additives. Typically, high chromium stainless steels have about 31 to 38 wt % chromium and low chromium stainless steels have about 20 to 25 wt % chromium.
The bulk composition of HTAs is engineered towards physical properties such as creep resistance and strength, and chemical properties of the surface such as corrosion resistance. Corrosion takes many forms depending on the operating environment and includes carburization, oxidation and sulfidation. Protection of the bulk alloy is often provided by the surface being enriched in chromium oxide (chromia) and aluminum oxide (alumina).
These two metal oxides, or a mixture thereof, are mainly used to protect alloys at high temperatures. The compositions of stainless steels for high temperature use are tailored to provide a balance between good mechanical properties and good resistance to oxidation and corrosion. Alloy compositions which can provide an alumina scale are favoured when good high temperature oxidation resistance is required, whereas compositions capable of forming a chromia scale are selected for resistance to hot corrosive conditions. Unfortunately, the addition of high levels of aluminum to the bulk alloy is not compatible with retaining good mechanical properties. Therefore applying a coating containing

In addition to the lipid component, it has recently, been discovered that cells of the immune system also play a major role in all of the processes of atherosclerosis, and thus the process has been described as a chronic inflammatory-fibroproliferative disease of the vascular wall. This is in addition to the lipid deposition typically recognized as atherosclerosis. The attachment of monocytes and T-lymphocytes to the injured endothelium followed by their migration into the intima is one of the first and most crucial steps in lesion development. The co-localization of CD4+ T-cells and macrophages in the lesion, the abundant expression of HLA Class II molecules and the co-stimulatory molecule CD40 and its ligand (CD40L) indicate a contribution of cell-mediated immunity to atherogenesis. A wide variety of studies in animal models suggest that T- and B-cells, and monocytes and macrophages promote lesion progression, and in fact, are in essential for the development of atherosclerotic lesions. Importantly, the local vascular wall immune contribution continues throughout, participating in both plaque expansion as well as rupture. In addition to the local process in the vessel wall, systemic signs of an inflammatory reaction are also associated with lesion development. Thus plasma levels of C-reactive protein and fibrinogen and the white blood cell count are positively correlated to the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Rapamycin is a macrocyclic triene antibiotic produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus, which was found to have antifungal activity, particularly against Candida albicans, both in vitro and in vivo [C. Vezina et al., J. Antibiot. 28, 721 (1975); S. N. Sehgal et al., J. Antibiot. 28, 727 (1975); H. A. Baker et al., J. Antibiot. 31, 539 (1978); U.S. Pat. No. 3,929,992; and U.S. Pat. No. 3,993,749]. Additionally, rapamycin alone (U.S. Pat. No. 4,885,171) or in combination with picibanil (U.S. Pat. No. 4,401,653) has been shown to have antitumor activity.
The immunosuppressive effects of rapamycin have been disclosed in FASEB 3, 3411 (1989). Cyclosporin A and FK-506, other macrocyclic molecules, also have been shown to be effective as immunosuppressive agents, therefore useful in preventing transplant rejection [FASEB 3, 34

In an optical disk apparatus, information is recorded along a spiral track or concentric tracks on a recording medium, and information signals are optically reproduced by irradiating a light beam such as a laser beam. A document file system has been put into market as an early model which enabled the user to record information signals on an optical disk by a laser beam. In recent years, an optical disk apparatus serving as a peripheral recording apparatus of computers which require higher reliability has also been put to practical use. In addition, an optical disk apparatus capable of erasing and rewriting recorded information signals has been put to practical use. The technique of this type of optical disk apparatus has been applied to an optical card memory apparatus or optical tape memory apparatus which uses a card-shaped recording medium or tape-shaped recording medium.
2. Description of the Related Art
In optical recording mediums used in these optical information recording/reproducing apparatuses, a record mark with a size of about 1 micron is formed on recording tracks with a track pitch of about 1.6 microns by means of a laser beam having a beam spot diameter of about 1.2 microns. Various methods of forming the record mark have been practically used. For example, optical properties of a recording film are varied by local destruction, deformation or phase-variation. Techniques of precisely tracing record tracks by means of a laser beam include a method wherein a track guide groove is provided in advance on an optical disk and a tracking error signal is detected from a diffraction beam from the track guide groove, and a method wherein signals from marks, which are formed on both sides of a track and are slightly displaced from each other, are sampled and compared, and a tracking error signal is detected.
It is desired that these optical disk apparatuses, like other recording apparatuses, have a wider range of applications, a larger capacity and a smaller size. To meet this demand, the recording density has been increased more and more. Further, in order to realize information rewrite and overwrite, various recording materials and various film structures of recording mediums have been developed.
According to prior art, e.g. "OVERWRITE CHARACTERISTICS ANALYSIS OF PHASE-TRANSITION OPTICAL RECORDING MEDIUM", Nakamura et al., Autumn, 1990, the Digest of the 51st Applied Physics Society Symposium "Crystallizing Mechanism and Erase Ratio of Phase-variation Type Optical Disc" (The Japan Society of Applied Physics, Oct. 30, 1990), pp

Chronic lymphocytic leukemia, the most common leukemia in the Western world, is characterized by the progressive accumulation of CD5+ small mature lymphocytes, in the peripheral blood, lymphoid organs and bone marrow. The hallmark of the disease is decreased apoptosis, resulting in accumulation of these malignant cells. Despite major progress in the last few years in the understanding of the biology and pathophysiology of the disease, as well as the development of better treatment modalities, CLL remains incurable in most patients, and even control of the disease requires aggressive treatment with significant side effects. A better understanding of the cellular events involved in the pathogenesis and progression of the disease should lead to more targeted and less toxic therapies, with early treatment in patients at risk, possibly enabling cure.
Previous studies have shown that CLL lymphocytes express relatively large amounts of the CD74 (invariant chain; Ii) mRNA compared to normal B cells, and this receptor regulates cell survival in an IL-8 dependent manner.
CD74 is a non-polymorphic type II integral membrane protein that is expressed on antigen presenting cells, including macrophages and B cells. It has a short N-terminal cytoplasmic tail of 28 amino acids (aa), followed by a single 24 aa transmembrane region, and a lumenal domain of approximately 150 aa. The CD74 chain was initially thought to function mainly as an MHC class II chaperone, which promotes ER exit of MHC class II molecules, directs them to endocytic compartments, prevents peptide binding within the ER, and contributes to peptide editing in the MHC class II compartment. A small proportion of CD74 is modified by the addition of chondroitin sulfate (CD74-CS), and this form of CD74 is expressed on the surface of antigen presenting cells. It was previously shown that macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) binds to the CD74 extracellular domain on macrophages, a process that results in the initiation of a signaling pathway in these cells. MIF promotes monocyte/macrophage activation and is required for the optimal expression of TNF, IL-1 and PGE2. MIF-activated macrophages are more phagocytic and better able to destroy intracellular pathogens, such as Leishmania. 
CD44 is a broadly-expressed single-pass transmembrane protein with known kinase-activating properties.
Recently, CD44 was described as an integral component of the CD74 receptor complex. While CD74 is sufficient for the binding of MIF to the cell surface, CD44 was found to be necessary for MIF signal transduction. CD74 expressed on B cells is

Traditionally, medical and security CT scanners utilize 2D backprojection reconstruction processes for helical CT due to their ease of implementation, computational efficiency and robustness. New CT scanners increasingly require fast scan speeds and detectors with larger cone-angles, which leads to unsatisfactory level of image artifacts if 2D processes are used to reconstruct images. In order to increase the scanning speed and maintain or improve image quality, it is necessary to transition from using 2D to 3D processes to reconstruct images.
A number of exact and approximate 3D image reconstruction processes have been proposed in the literature. The most widely used 3D approximate process is the Feldkamp Davis Kress (FDK) process, originally proposed in Feldkamp, L. A., Davis, L. C., and Kress, J. W., “Practical cone-beam algorithm”, J. Opt. Soc. Am., Vol. 1 No. 6, 1984, for the case of an axial scan. This process is popular due to its relative ease of implementation, stability and tractable properties. The extension of the FDK process to helical scanning was first proposed in Wang, G., Lin, T., Cheng, P., and Schiozaki, D. M., “A general cone-beam reconstruction algorithm”, IEEE Trans. Med. Imaging, 12, 1993.
The original helical FDK process results in a relatively high level of cone-beam artifacts. Two key enhancements proposed in the literature greatly improve Image Quality and transform the helical FDK into a “quasi-exact” process. First, the tilted plane reconstruction approach described in Yan, M., and Zhang, C., “Tilted plane Feldkamp type reconstruction algorithm for spiral cone beam CT”, Med. Phys. 32 (11), 2005 reduces image artifacts by reducing the mathematical inconsistency between rays used to reconstruct a given voxel. Second, filtering data along lines aligned with the source trajectory (tangential filtering) [Sourbelle, K., and Kalender, W. A., Generalization of Feldkamp reconstruction for Clinical Spiral Cone-Beam CT] significantly reduces cone-beam artifacts. The tangential filtering is derived as an approximation to exact reconstruction processes (such as proposed in Katsevich, A., “An improved exact filtered backprojection algorithm for spiral computed tomography”, Advances in Applied Mathematics, 32, 2004) and modifies the FDK process to be “quasi-exact”.
The quasi-exact version of the helical FDK process

Although all the botulinum toxins serotypes apparently inhibit release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine at the neuromuscular junction, they do so by affecting different neurosecretory proteins and/or cleaving these proteins at different sites. For example, botulinum types A and E both cleave the 25 kilodalton (kD) synaptosomal associated protein (SNAP-25), but they target different amino acid sequences within this protein. Botulinum toxin types B, D, F and G act on vesicle-associated protein (VAMP, also called synaptobrevin), with each serotype cleaving the protein at a different site. Finally, botulinum toxin type C1 has been shown to cleave both syntaxin and SNAP-25. These differences in mechanism of action may affect the relative potency and/or duration of action of the various botulinum toxin serotypes. Apparently, a substrate for a botulinum toxin can be found in a variety of different cell types. See e.g. Biochem, J 1; 339 (pt 1):159-65:1999, and Mov Disord, 10(3):376:1995 (pancreatic islet B cells contains at least SNAP-25 and synaptobrevin).
The molecular weight of the botulinum toxin protein molecule, for all seven of the known botulinum toxin serotypes, is about 150 kD. Interestingly, the botulinum toxins are released by Clostridial bacterium as complexes comprising the 150 kD botulinum toxin protein molecule along with associated non-toxin proteins. Thus, the botulinum toxin type A complex can be produced by Clostridial bacterium as 900 kD, 500 kD and 300 kD forms. Botulinum toxin types B and C1 is apparently produced as only a 700 kD or 500 kD complex. Botulinum toxin type D is produced as both 300 kD and 500 kD complexes. Finally, botulinum toxin types E and F are produced as only approximately 300 kD complexes. The complexes (i.e. molecular weight greater than about 150 kD) are believed to contain a non-toxin hemaglutinin protein and a non-toxin and non-toxic nonhemaglutinin protein. These two non-toxin proteins (which along with the botulinum toxin molecule comprise the relevant neurotoxin complex) may act to provide stability against denaturation to the botulinum toxin

The printing industry and, in particular, the graphic arts industry requires the transfer of photographs in the form of transparencies from the actual transparency to a print medium such as paper. Typically, the publication of a typical weekly magazine requires hundreds of such transfers. In accomplishing the transfers, and, in particular, with respect to the covers of such magazines, great care must be taken to be assured that the transfer of the colors from the transparencies are accurate with respect to printed picture. This is required in that ideally, the color art work or packaging should be aesthetically pleasing to the eye and accurate with respect to the original transparency.
Optical scanning methods and apparatus have been developed which electronically read the transparency and transfer the data to a four color photosensitive material. Examples of these scanning methods can be found in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,613,896; 4,189,741; 4,684,979; 4,899,214; 4,473,848; and 2,548,783. The aforementioned patents illustrate the variety of methods in which the optical scanner transfers the images and colors read from the transparency to the photosensitive material, referred to in the industry as a proof. Typically, the transparency in a size from 35 mm up to 11.times.14 inches is positioned on a rotating drum. The scanner drum itself is a transparent hollow plastic cylinder approximately 30 inches in length and approximately 8 inches in diameter with the clear plastic cylinder itself being approximately 3/8 inch in thickness. At each end of the cylinder there are circular mounting plates approximately 1/2 inch in thickness with an approximately 31/2 inch bore in each plate for the accurate centering and positioning of the drum on the scanner itself. The transparency is then mounted on the outer surface of the scanner drum and the drum is placed in the scanner in a horizontal position and is then spun at a high speed as a laser passes over the transparency image reading the image through fiber optics, breaking the image down into four separate colors, yellow, magenta, cyan and black. That information is then transferred to a receiving drum on which negative film is mounted, thus giving the physical four-color film that is necessary for the printing process. Once the initial transfer is made, color adjustments are usually required. The first transfer, representing a four-color proof, is compared with the original transparency. The operator, in accomplishing this comparison, must remove the transparency from the scanner drum and view the transparency on a light box or proof light illumin

U.S. Pat. No. 3,380,457; U.S. Pat. No. 3,563,248; and U.S. Pat. No. 3,861,403 describe other lactones which are recommended for use as flavorant additives in tobacco products, such as .beta.-methyl-.delta.-valerolactone,
3-(2-hydroxycyclohexyl)propionic acid .delta. lactone, 4-methyl-6-n-pentyl-.alpha.-pyrone, and the like.
The high degree of volatility and ease of sublimation of flavorant additives such as aldehydes, ethers and lactones in tobacco products have presented problems in the manufacturing operations, and have resulted in a decreased shelf-life of the products due to losses of flavorant by evaporation on storage.
Recent developments have involved incorporating a low volatility organic additive to a 15 smoking composition, which under smoking conditions is pyrolyzed into one or more fragments that function to improve the taste and character of mainstream tobacco smoke, and in some cases a consequential improvement of sidestream smoke aroma.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,036,237 describes smoking compositions which contain an aromatic beta-hydroxy ester flavorant such as ethyl 2,2-dimethyl-3-hydroxy-3phenylpropionate, which pyrolyzes under smoking conditions to release benzaldehyde and ethyl isobutyrate flavorants.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,312,368 describes smoking compositions which contain a heterocyclic-hydroxy-substituted carboxylate flavorant-release additive such as ethyl 2-(2-butyl)-3-hydroxy-3-methyl-3-(3-pyridyl)propionate. Under smoking conditions this additive pyrolyzes into 3-acetylpyridine and ethyl .beta.-methylvalerate flavorants.
There is continuing research effort to develop improved smoking compositions which generate mainstream smoke with flavorant-enhanced taste and character under smoking conditions.
Accordingly, it is an object of this invention to provide smoking compositions having incorporated therein a flavorant component which is characterized by lack of mobility and/or volatility at ambient temperature.
It is another object of this invention to provide smoking compositions having incorporated therein a flavorant-release additive which under normal smoking conditions imparts improved flavor to mainstream smoke and improved aroma to sidestream smoke.
It is a further object of this invention to provide novel organic compounds which are adapted to be incorporated into cigarette fillers

Apart from LiCoO2, lithium-containing complex oxides include LiNiO2, LiMn2O4 and complexes thereof. These oxides exhibit a potential as high as about +4 V with respect to the potential of metallic lithium and also have large reversible capacity. Therefore, they are excellent materials for use as active materials, capable of realizing batteries of high voltage and high capacity.
On the other hand, for the negative electrode of the non-aqueous electrolyte secondary battery, carbon materials are commonly used. Carbon materials are also capable of reversibly absorbing and desorbing Li ions. However, in the case of graphite, for example, the theoretical upper limit for the amount of Li to be absorbed is the amount required for formation of C6Li, that is, one Li atom per six carbon atoms, and the charge/discharge capacity thereof is 372 mAh/g.
Therefore, with the aim of achieving a further increase in the capacity of the non-aqueous electrolyte secondary battery, many studies have been undertaken on negative electrode materials. Among them is a proposal to improve carbon materials in order to achieve an increased battery capacity. For example, it has been reported that amorphous carbons and low crystalline carbons have a capacity much higher than the theoretical capacity of graphite (e.g., the 39th Battery Symposium Abstract volume, pp. 443-444 (3D12)).
Although amorphous carbons and low crystalline carbons have large theoretical capacity, they have the problem of having large irreversible capacity. The irreversible capacity refers to a capacity attributed to, of the Li ions absorbed in a carbon material, the Li ions which remain captured in the carbon material to be incapable of being desorbed during the subsequent discharge process and thus do not participate in the battery reaction any longer.
When a carbon material has irreversible capacity, a portion of Li ions which have been supplied to the carbon material in the negative electrode from a lithium-containing complex oxide in the positive electrode during the initial charge, is not able to return to the positive electrode during the subsequent discharge. Even in such case where a carbon material having large theoretical capacity is employed, it is difficult to obtain a high-capacity battery if the material has large irreversible capacity.
As a countermeasure against the irreversible capacity of a carbon material, an electrode formation process has been devised, by which lithium in an amount corresponding to the irreversible capacity is electrochemically charged into the carbon material in advance. The electrode formation process is excellent in that the formation can be controlled according to the amount

In addition, high display quality is required in the recent liquid crystal display device, and thus, high luminance is required in addition to the wide viewing angle, in improving the display quality.
As a technology for satisfying both requirements, there is a black matrix on array (hereinafter, called BOA) technology (see Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication JP-A 2006-301505). In the BOA technology, since a light shielding film is disposed on an array substrate where signal electrodes and the like are formed, so as to cover gate wirings, source wirings, and the like, it is not necessary to provide margins on the light shielding film for position shifting at the time of bonding substrates to each other, and accordingly, a width of the light shielding film can be reduced, a high aperture ratio of pixels can be acquired, and high luminance can be realized. In addition, since the light shielding film exists above the array substrate where the electrodes such as the signal electrodes and the common electrode are disposed, the entire electrodes can be covered by the light shielding film in a wide viewing angle range, and accordingly, it is possible to prevent decrease in contrast due to reflection and scattering at the electrode end.
On the other hand, in the liquid crystal display device of a horizontal electric field system, there is a problem that voltage of the signal electrode is easily fluctuated by fluctuation of voltage of the source wiring, through coupling capacity generated between the source wiring and the signal electrode, and this influences the display quality.
In the related arts, in order to solve the above described problem, the influence on the signal electrode due to the fluctuation of the voltage of the source wiring has been suppressed by forming a shield electrode in a region located between the source wiring and the signal electrode. However, since the shield electrode was only disposed in a region adjacent to the light shielding film, there are problems that the light is shielded by the shield electrode, the aperture ratio of the pixels is decreased, and the luminance of the liquid crystal display device may be decreased.
In addition, there is also a liquid crystal display device in which a transparent electrode is disposed over the entire opening portions to obtain a shielding effect (see Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication JP-A 2004-198846). However, in this liquid crystal display device, by disposing the transparent electrode over the entire opening portions, there are problems that transparency of pixels is decreased, the luminance is decreased, vertical components are strongly generated in a line of electric force of the opening portion itself, and the

The present invention relates to a medium holder inserted into a stamp-face platemaking device so as to perform appropriate platemaking, the stamp-face platemaking device that accurately detects the size of the stamp face material held in the medium holder, and a medium holder manufacturing method.
Description of the Prior Art
Stamps each having sponge rubber as a stamp material that is impregnated beforehand with ink have been used to avoid trouble of applying ink to the face of a stamp every time a stamp mark is placed with the stamp.
For example, JP 10-100464 A discloses a manufacturing device that secures a stamp having a base, to which a stamp plate (a stamp face material) formed with a porous sheet is attached, onto a platemaking device, presses a thermal head against the surface of the porous sheet to move the stamp plate, selectively heats the heating element of the thermal head, and forms a stamp face on the stamp plate, the stamp face being formed with a melted and solidified portion that blocks ink and an unmelted portion through which ink passes.
However, the technique disclosed in JP 10-100464 A uses a carriage in the drive mechanism for the thermal head, and a mechanism that drives a thermal head with a carriage has a large-sized structure and does not satisfy the demand for smaller devices in the recent market.
Also, as is apparent from FIG. 4 of JP 10-100464 A, an edge head is used as the thermal head. The price of an edge head is almost three times higher than the price of a conventional head. This leads to a problem of a large increase in cost, in addition to the above described problem of an increase in device size.
Further, JP 10-100464 A discloses the sizes of the heating element in the main scanning direction and the sub scanning direction, but does not disclose the size of the stamp plate to be used in platemaking. As the stamps shown in FIGS. 1, 4, and 5 have different shapes, it is only possible to assume that there are stamp bases of various sizes, and stamp plates to be secured to stamp bases also vary in size.
Also, by the technique disclosed in JP 10-100464 A, the size of a stamp face material cannot be sensed from the platemaking device simply by printing the size of the stamp face material on the medium holder holding the stamp face material. Therefore, it is left to the user to determine whether the size of the stamp face material is correct

The insertion of a catheter into a body cavity, duct, or vessel to allow drainage, injection of fluids, and/or access by surgical instruments is a common procedure in the practice of medicine. Catheters come in a variety of shapes and forms and can be used for a variety of tasks, including chemotherapy, fluid drainage, hemodialysis, and administering intravenous fluids, anesthesia, or other medications. A peripheral intravascular catheter can be used to administer medication, nutrition, and various other intravenous fluids via peripheral blood vessels, to perform hemodynamic measurements, and to provide access for procedures and devices affecting the cardiovascular system. A central venous catheter can be used to deliver medications or fluids to vessels near the heart or into the heart itself. It is estimated that more than 100 million peripheral venous catheters and more than 250,000 central venous catheters are placed in patients in the United States each year. Other intravascular catheters include those used for hemodialysis, peripheral central access (PIC), interventional procedure access, cardiac ventricular assist device access, and other long term vascular access support. These can be both arterial and venous in respect to the type of vessel in which they are inserted. For these many intravascular catheter uses, the catheter insertion site is traditionally and universally dressed by pressing the round, tubular catheter against the skin of the patient with a sterile adhesive patch-type dressing or with sterile gauze and adhesive tape, which are the two dressing types recommended by the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”).
One major problem with intravascular catheterization methods is the risk of infection. For example, infections related to central venous catheters alone occur up to 80,000 times per year in the U.S., leading to 28,000 deaths and costing as much as 2.3 billion dollars per year. The rise of multi-drug resistant organisms has further compounded the magnitude of the problem of intravascular catheter infection, and the lay press and medical literature have paid increasing attention to this problem. As a very significant marker of this concern, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid recently ruled that costs associated with catheter-related infection will no longer be reimbursed. Because of this, there has been a very strong push by clinicians, hospitals, and insurers to address the problem of catheter related infection. Several improved strategies for catheter care have been introduced, such as using rigorous interval dressing change protocols, applying optimal catheter care techniques, using antibiotic impregnated catheters, using improved dressing materials, and/or supplying antimicrobial additives to the dressing composition.
All

4. Core-back System
A two-color injection molding method of a core-back system has been proposed to solve the problems in the two-color injection molding method of a rotary system. A typical two-color injection molding method of a core-back system is disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) No. Sho 63-293024 (Method of Molding a Two-color Half Case of a Tape Cassette). The gist of the invention disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) No. Sho 63-293024 will be described hereinafter with reference to FIG. 18, which is a copy of FIG. 1 included in the specification of the same invention.
In injecting a first material into a cavity formed in a die consisting of female die 110 and a male die 115, a slide core 126 for forming windows in a half case of a tape cassette, movable on the male die 115 is projected toward the female die 110, a cavity core 122 movable on the female die 110 is projected so as to close spaces for the windows and the surface of a rim, and the first molding material is injected into a cavity formed between the female die 110 and the male die 115. Then, the slide core 126 and the cavity core 122 are retracted to form spaces to be filled up with a second molding material, and then the second molding material is injected into the spaces to complete a half case.
An invention disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) No. Sho 57-187228 proposed to eliminate disadvantages in this two-color injection molding method of a core-back system that dimples are formed in the surface of the molding and the die is subject to damaging employs a slide core 5 provided with a recess 16 in its contact surface facing a gate as shown in FIG. 19a and 19b, which is a copy of FIG. 4 included in the specification of Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) No. Sho. 57-187228.
The die employed in the two-color injection molding method of a core-back system has a complicated construction, which affects adversely to molding efficiency and causes the following problems.
1. Low productivity
Since the die has a complicated construction, it is difficult to form an effective cooling passage in the die, the core-back system needs a long cycle time, troubles occur frequently during the process and the reliability of the die is not high enough.
2. Low economic effect

The present invention relates to electrosurgical devices and related methods for rapid, controlled ablation of tissue. More particularly, the present invention relates to treating tissue with a radiofrequency current delivered through an electrically non-conductive gas which is ionized to capacitively couple to surrounding tissue through a thin dielectric layer surrounding the gas.
The treatment of diseased organs, such as the uterus and the gallbladder, by ablation of an endometrial or mucosal layer surrounding the interior of the organ has long been proposed. Such internal surface ablation can be achieved by heating the surface, treating the surface with microwave energy, treating the surface with cryoablation, and delivering radiofrequency energy to the surface. Of particular interest to the present invention, a variety of radiofrequency ablation structures have been proposed including solid electrodes, balloon electrodes, metalized fabric electrodes, and the like. While often effective, at least most of the prior electrode designs have suffered from one or more deficiencies, such as relatively slow treatment times, incomplete treatments, non-uniform ablation depths, and risk of injury to adjacent organs.
For these reasons, it would be desirable to provide methods and apparatus for the radiofrequency ablation of internal tissue surfaces which are rapid, provide for uniform ablation depths, which assure complete ablation over the entire targeted surface, and which reduce the risk of injury to adjacent organs. At least some of these objectives will be met by the inventions described hereinbelow.
2. Description of the Background Art
U.S. Pat. No. 4,979,948, describes a balloon filled with an electrolyte solution for distributing radiofrequency current to a mucosal layer via capacitive coupling. US 2008/097425, having common inventorship with the present application, describes delivering a pressurized flow of a liquid medium which carries a radiofrequency current to tissue, where the liquid is ignited into a plasma as it passes through flow orifices. U.S. Pat. No. 5,891,134 describes a radiofrequency heater within an enclosed balloon. U.S. Pat. No. 6,041,260 describes radiofrequency electrodes distributed over the exterior surface of a balloon which is inflated in a body cavity to be treated. U.S. Pat. No. 7,371,231 and US 2009/054892 describe a conductive balloon having an exterior surface which acts as an electrode for performing endometrial ablation. U.S. Pat. No. 5,191,883 describes bipolar heating of a medium within a balloon for thermal ablation. U.S. Pat

The device of the invention also includes safety means guaranteeing the integrity of the device in case of forced maintenance of the actuation lever (3) in a left or right position, when the drive organ (2a) is rotated in the opposite direction, in order to prevent damage to it or its component elements.
With reference to FIG. 4, the moveable finger (4) returns the actuation lever (3) into its central position on rotation of the steering column (2) in the direction R which corresponds to the opposite direction to that implied in principle by the lateral position of the lever (3). FIG. 5 shows the absence of interaction between the moveable finger (4) and the actuation lever (3) when the steering column (2) rotates in the direction which corresponds to the lateral position of the lever (3). The drive organ (2a), rotating in the direction marked L, abuts against the free end (5) and pivots the moveable finger (4) without affecting the position of the lever (3).
FIG. 6 shows the displacement of the moveable finger (4) on forced maintenance of the actuation lever (3), when the column (2) rotates in the opposite direction R. The particular interaction of the lever (3) and the finger (4) under this hypothesis is clearly shown (see more detailed explanation below).
The moveable finger (4) is mounted slidingly and to pivot on the fixed support (1). An elastic organ (6) permits its return into its engageable position (see FIG. 3) on return of a left or right rotation following rotation of the steering column (2) in the opposite direction to the rotation corresponding to the lateral position of the lever (3). Return of the lever (3) into the central position also triggers return of the moveable finger (4) to its initial disengaged position.
The moveable finger (4) includes an indexing surface (7) on which is displaced an elastic push button (3a) of the actuation lever (3). The indexing surface (7), moveable with the finger (4), is associated with a fixed indexing surface (8) of the fixed support (1) on which the elastic push button (3a) is also displaced. The latter is mounted on the actuation lever (3) and can therefore be displaced simultaneously on the two indexing surfaces (7) and (8) as a function of the displacements and positions of the moveable finger (

Types of Crowdsourced Work                Steve Jackson Games maintains a network of MIB (Men In Black), who perform secondary jobs (mostly product representation) in exchange for free product. They run publicly or semi-publicly announced play-tests of all their major books and game systems, in exchange for credit and product. They maintain an active user community online, and have done so since the days of BBSes.        PROCTER & GAMBLE employs more than 9000 scientists and researchers in corporate R&D and still have many problems they can't solve. They now post these on a website called InnoCentive, offering large cash rewards to more than 90,000 ‘solvers’ who make up this network of backyard scientists. P&G also works with NineSigma, YourEncore and Yet2.        AMAZON Mechanical Turk co-ordinates the use of human intelligence to perform tasks which computers are unable to do.        YRUHRN used AMAZON Mechanical Turk and other means of crowdsourcing to compile content for a book published just 30 days after the project was started.        iStockphoto is a website with over 22,000 amateur photographers who upload and distribute stock photographs. Because it does not have the same margins as a professional outfit like Getty Images it is able to sell photos for a low price. It was recently purchased by Getty Images.        Cambrian House applies a crowdsourcing model to identify and develop profitable software ideas. Using a simple voting model, they attempt to find sticky software ideas that can be developed using a combination of internal and crowdsourced skills and effort.        A Swarm of Angels is a project to utilize a swarm of subscribers (Angels) to help fund, make, contribute, and distribute, a £1 million feature film using the Internet and all digital technologies. It aims to recruit earlier development community members with the right expertise into paid project members, film crew, and production staff.        The Goldcorp Challenge is an example of how a traditional company in the mining industry used a crowdsource to identify likely veins of gold on its Red Lake Property. It was won by Fractal Graphics and Taylor-Wall and Associates of Australia but more importantly identified 110 drilling targets, 50% of which were new to the company.        CafePress and Zazzle, customized products marketplaces for consumers to create apparel, posters, cards, stamps, and other products.        Marketocracy, to isolating top stock market investors around the world in head to head competition

Capacitive touch input devices are utilized in a variety of applications. For example, transparent capacitive touch input devices placed in front of displays may be utilized with computers or portable devices to enable user interaction with displayed objects. Opaque capacitive touch input devices are used for track pads and other applications not requiring programmable displayed images behind the touch surface.
Capacitive touch input devices may include a touch sensitive electrode layer that enables determination of a point of contact such as over a display, at the location where a user touches the touch sensitive layer over the display. A group of sensing electrodes enable determining the X and Y location of the point of contact. The electrodes may be coupled to capacitance sensing circuitry including analog-to-digital converters that measure values associated with the electrodes, such as the capacitance, current, charge, impedance or voltage associated with the electrodes.
Many capacitive touch input devices use at least two electrode layers to measure two coordinates, e.g. (X,Y), of a touch location. For example, parallel sensing electrodes aligned along the X-axis formed on a first layer and parallel sensing electrodes aligned along the Y-axis formed on a different or second layer such that the electrodes on the first layer are formed orthogonally with respect to the electrodes on the second layer and form an overlapping matrix of addressable points of the touch sensor. Such two layer capacitive touch input devices provide good touch performance for many applications, but at increased manufacturing costs.
For some applications, a touch input device with a single electrode layer may provide adequate touch performance at a lower cost. However, single electrode layer touch devices tend to be more susceptible to certain sources of background interference as compared to two-electrode-layer capacitive input devices.
Mechanical deflection of the touch device is a source of background interference. For example, touch induced pressure against the device may cause mechanical deflection between sensing electrodes and an underlying ground plane.
Stray capacitance between the sensing electrodes and the palm of the hand or other body parts of the user is another source of background interference. This background is particularly problematic if there is a thick dielectric layer between the electrodes and touch surface. Doubling the dielectric layer thickness will halve the desired finger touch signal, but will have little effect on backgrounds due to palms and other body parts (because air gap has strong effect on background capacitance than dielectric layer thickness). Hence, the ratio of undesired palm background signal, relative to the desired finger touch signal, increases as the thickness of the dielectric layer between electrodes and the

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a seat structure of an airplane, and more particularly, to an airplane seat structure which is capable of enjoying a comfortable air travel without any inconvenience such as leg numbness or the like even for long flight by modifying a narrow (or short-pitch) seat such as an economy class or a separate cabin-like family box in order to allow a passenger to straightly lie, such as in a bed.
2. Description of the Related Art
An airplane is an object which uses a lift force of a fixed wing to fly in air with persons and things loaded into it.
Such an airplane may be divided into several types depending on its use, propulsion modes, wing forms and so on.
An airplane mentioned in the present invention refers to a passenger airplane which may be sorted according to its use.
A passenger airplane is intended to carry people and possesses 20 to 800 seats. For reference, a passenger airplane having less than 20 seats is called a commuter or an air tax.
Seats in a passenger airplane may be generally classified into a first class, a business class and an economy class depending on a seat area and a service grade.
The first class, which is also called a sleeper seat, serves to allow a passenger to lie on a completely unfolded seat and the business class serves to allow a passenger to stretch his/her legs, taking a comfortable posture, in a long-pitch seat although a passenger cannot lie on the seat unlike the first class.
In contrast, the economy class forces a passenger not to stretch his/her legs, taking an uncomfortable posture, in a short-pitch seat during the whole flight.
However, most of passengers use the economy class since it is more expensive than the first class and the business class.
Some passengers in the economy class may experience an economy class syndrome such as leg numbness or the like due to an uncomfortable posture taken in a narrow space for a long time.
An economy class syndrome refers to a disease causing a pulmonary embolism due to a thrombus or a blood clot formed in a leg vein while a passenger is sitting for a long time on a short-pitch seat on which the passenger cannot stretch his/her legs.
Accordingly, there is a need for an airplane seat structure to prevent a passenger from undergoing a disease such as an economy class syndrome and, particularly, to allow a family in a cabin-like family box to enjoy a comfortable air travel in a long time comfortable posture

The 802.11 MAC (standing for Medium Access Control) standard supports access to a shared wireless or radio medium through a technique called Carrier Sense Multiple Access with Collision Avoidance (CSMA/CA). The 802.11 standard is mainly directed to the waiting management of nodes waiting for the medium to become idle so as to try accessing to the medium.
FIG. 1 illustrates a communication system in which several communicating nodes exchange data packets over a radio transmission channel 100 of a wireless local area network (WLAN).
Access to the shared radio medium to send data packets is based on the CSMA/CA technique, for sensing the carrier and avoiding collision by separating concurrent transmissions in space and time.
Carrier sensing in CSMA/CA is performed by both physical and virtual mechanisms. The virtual carrier sensing is achieved by transmitting control packets to reserve the medium prior to transmission of data packets.
Then after, through the physical mechanism, a transmitting node first attempts to sense a medium that has been idle for at least one DIFS (standing for Distributed InterFrame Spacing) time period, before transmitting data packets.
However, if it is sensed that the shared radio medium is busy during the DIFS period, the transmitting node waits until the radio medium becomes idle and then starts a countdown backoff counter designed to expire after a number of timeslots, chosen randomly between [0,CW], CW being referred to as the contention window. This backoff mechanism is the basis of the collision avoidance mechanism that defers the transmission time for a random interval, thus reducing the probability of collisions on the shared channel. After the backoff time period, the transmitting node may send the data packets.
One of the problems of wireless data communications is that it is not possible for the transmitting node to listen while sending, thus preventing the transmitting node from detecting data corruption due to channel fading or interference or collision phenomenon. A transmitting node remains unaware of the corruption of the data packets sent and continues to transmit the packets unnecessarily, thus wasting access time.
Collision Avoidance mechanism of CSMA/CA thus provides positive acknowledgement (ACK) of the sent data packets by the receiving node in case of successful packet reception, to warn the transmitting node that no corruption of the sent data packets occurred.
The ACK is transmitted at the end of reception of the data packet, immediately after a period of time called Short InterFrame Space (SIFS).
If the transmitting node does not receive the ACK within a specified ACK timeout

This invention relates to a novel load-supporting plank system that is particularly adapted for being rapidly deployed for the stream egress and bridge access/egress of military vehicles wherein improved means are provided for joining the individual planks to each other in a manner that water and mud penetration at the joints is effectively prohibited. The invention comprises a system of a plurality of planks joined together in an articulable fashion by flexible hinge members in such a way that the system may be folded in accordion or fan fashion that permits efficient packing in a container for transport and for rapid deployment. In one embodiment of the invention the planks are hollow extrusions of aluminum alloy fitted with end plugs, thereby permitting the system to be floatable. However, the plugs are easily removed, and the system, or a portion of the system if desired, becomes sinkable. The planks are folded in accordion fashion and packed in a pallet which preferably is constructed of closed tubular members, and therefore also floatable in water. The pallet is designed to be suspended in front of a deployment vehicle, and the planks are so deployed that the vehicle rides upon the surface of the plank members of the system as the planks are withdrawn from the pallet. Further, the palletized planks may be deployed by other means, such as being manually levered from the pallet while the pallet is resting on the stream shore, and the surfacing will then float away from the pallet. Further embodiments of the invention include planks having a honeycomb core structure and also planks which utilize foam plastic instead of extrusions of aluminum. These embodiments are not sinkable.
The prior art discloses various transportable roadway systems used for military assault purposes in order that the vehicles may traverse soft, swampy, or sandy ground. Paradigms of these are disclosed in Payne U.S. Pat. No. 2,384,395, Abell U.S. Pat. No. 4,277,201, German patent application, Offenlegenschrift No. 2,658,900, and the technical report distributed by Defense Technical Information Center entitled "Assault Trackway Systems Activ Project No. ACL 28/681", Feb. 13, 1969.
The Payne patent discloses a vehicle which is modified to lay wire mesh mats to be used as a landing field, beach apron, temporary road or the like. The Abell patent discloses a transportable roadway system which is loaded on a transport vehicle by folding

However, a conventional printed wiring board coated with a topcoat has a defect in that hollows (6) form in the surface of the topcoat (2) as shown in FIG. 7. As a result, there have been problems in that reliable connections cannot be obtained when electronic parts are mounted and a fine particles of solder enter the hollows (6), to causing short-circuits.
The present inventors have studied the above-described problems and have concluded that the hollows (6) on the surface of the topcoat (2) are brought about by the recesses (7) on the surface of the insulating substrate (4) formed by the presence of the conductor circuit (3) as shown in FIG. 8. Accordingly, in order to obtain a smooth topcoat without unevenness, a thermosetting resin is filled into the recesses (7) between the conductor circuits and cured to form an undercoat (1) and then the undercoat (1) is polished to form a smooth surface to which the topcoat (2) is laminated as shown in FIG. 1.
Various kinds of thermosetting resin compositions have been proposed as a surface coating agent for a printed wiring board. For example, Unexamined Japanese Patent Publication (Kokai) No. 63-81187 and Unexamined Japanese Patent Publication (Kokai) No. 63-154780 describe a thermosetting resin composition comprising an epoxymethacrylate resin, a copolymerizable crosslinking agent such as acrylic ester and the like, a radical polymerization initiator, a liquid epoxy resin and a curing agent.
However, when the resin composition described in the above-described publications is applied to a printed wiring board as the above-described undercoat, air bubbles often remain in the resin coated. As a result, air bubbles remain in the hardened film (undercoat) and so the properties of the printed wiring board, such as heat resistance, humidity resistance and the like suffer. Therefore, the resin composition described in the above-described publications is not suitable as an undercoat.
Unexamined Japanese Patent Publication (Kokai) No. 8-162573 describes a thermosetting resin composition comprising a novolak-type epoxy resin, a curing agent, a crystallizable epoxy resin, and a curing accelerator such as imidazole and the like.
However, when the resin composition described in the above-described publication is applied to a printed wiring board as an undercoat and is

While spectacle lenses are held rigidly in place by a frame, toric contact lenses must be stabilized so that the cylindrical correction is stabilized in substantially the correct position on the eye. Soft contact lenses which had been designed for use to correct astigmatism are well-known in the art. Generally, these lenses rely on some type of ballasting or stabilizing method to cause the lens to be properly oriented in the eye. The ballast is typically provided on a contact lens by incorporating structures either on the front surface or on the back surface, or spread between both surfaces. Such orientation structures utilize eyelid forces generated during blinking. As the eyelids wipe across the contact lens, they tend to squeeze the lens down and against the cornea and displace elevated surface features.
A so-called “wedge” or “prism” ballast may be utilized wherein the lower or inferior portion of the lens is relatively thicker than the upper or superior portion. As a result, the upper eyelid, which undergoes greater movement than the lower eyelid, and thus exerts greater influence on the contact lens, tends to displace the inferior portion of the contact lens downward, inherently rotating the contact lens over the cornea into the intended orientation. Alternatively, the lens may incorporate a so-called “periballast” (short for peripheral ballast) stabilization that involves a ballast region surrounding but excluding the central optic.
For examples of prism ballast, see U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,573,774, 5,125,728, and 5,020,898, and PCT Publication No. WO 98/45749. Another orientation structure for contact lenses includes the provision of thin superior and inferior zones relative to a thicker central zone. Such structures are shown in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,095,878, and 5,650,837. Alternatively, channels or ridges may be provided on the contact lens, such as seen in PCT publication No. AU 92/00290.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,020,898 describes a toric contact lens with ballast distributed outside the anterior optical zone such that the ballast thickens from the top of the lens to two points of maximum thickness proximate the lower peripheral edge.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,125,728 also describes a ballast portion that increases from a superior part of the lens to a maximum thickness in the lower periphery on each side thereof. The maximum thickness of the ballast

This invention relates to a power switch assembly and more particularly to improvements in both a power switch assembly comprising a circuit breaker and a circuit disconnector, and a power switch assembly comprising a lightning arrester, a circuit breaker and a circuit disconnector.
A conventional power switch assembly has typically comprised a circuit breaker and a circuit disconnector each mounted separately and electrically connected to each other by copper or aluminum conductors. The disconnector has consisted of a first and a second supporting porcelain insulator disposed at both ends of a horizontal supporting base with a stationary contactor, and line-receiving terminal mounted atop the first supporting insulator, and a movable, rod-shaped contactor supported by the second porcelain insulator and operably connected to a disconnector driving mechanism mounted atop a driving porcelain insulator which is disposed linearly at a predetermined distance between the first and second supporting insulators. This driving porcelain insulator is driven by a driving source through a driving mechanism to cause the movable contactor to engage with and disengage from the stationary contactor.
Also, the circuit breaker has been disposed apart from that side of the supporting base having the second porcelain insulator. The circuit breaker has comprised an operating mechanism disposed on a floor or the ground, a supporting porcelain insulator vertically disposed on the operating mechanism, and a porcelain clad main body of the circuit breaker mounted atop the supporting porcelain insulator having one terminal interposed therebetween. The main body of the circuit breaker has been connected at the one terminal to the movable contactor through a connecting lead and the other terminal has been connected to a feed line.
There is also known another power switch assembly comprising, in addition to the circuit breaker and disconnector as described above, a lightning arrester. The lightning arrester has typically been vertically disposed on a separate horizontal supporting base located on that side of the first-mentioned supporting base remote from the circuit breaker with a certain spacing formed therebetween. This lightning arrester has typically included a terminal located at the upper end thereof which is connected to the receiving line and via a connecting lead to the terminal of the circuit disconnector disposed on the first supporting porcelain insulator. The lightning arrester, the circuit disconnector and the circuit breaker are aligned with and spaced from one another.
In the last-mentioned power switch assembly, the lightning arrester, the circuit disconnector and the circuit breaker have been separately installed on a floor or the ground. Thus, it has

It is well known to cover the external walls of a building with horizontal planks, known as “siding.” More recently, similarly shaped panels of aluminum or plastic have been used for the same purpose. Plastic siding panels are typically several feet long and 8 to 12 inches high, and may be molded to imitate the appearance of two or three narrower planks. These panels are typically attached to the substructure of the building by nails driven through slots in the top edge of the panel. The height of the panel is limited to eight or 12 inches by the amount of weight that can satisfactorily be hung from the top edge of the panel. As with traditional siding, the bottom panel is set to a reference line, for example, a snapped chalk line, and each successive panel is mounted overlapping the panel below. This system has the considerable disadvantage that, because the relatively narrow panels must be attached one at a time working up from the bottom of the wall, it is difficult to keep the panels accurately horizontal and parallel. That is especially true when the siding is being installed by a homeowner or other person who is not professionally trained. Also, the process cannot easily be mechanized, because the nails must be left slightly loose, so that the panels can slide from side to side as they expand or contract. That makes the use of power-operated nail guns very difficult.
It has also been proposed to provide clips attached to the substructure to which the siding panels can be attached. That makes attaching the actual panels quicker and easier, but at the expense of requiring great effort to position the clips accurately spaced and in horizontal lines.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,288,958 to Chalmers et al. proposes a siding system with long vertical stringers that have clips preformed at regular intervals. Each clip supports the top of one panel, and retains the bottom of the panel above. In addition, an extra tab is provided midway between adjacent clips, which can be used to stabilize a vinyl panel formed with the appearance of two planks.
However, Chalmers's device has significant limitations. First, because the panel is still supported only at the top, the height of the panel is still limited to 8 to 12 inches. Second, Chalmers's system requires the top of the panel to be partly inserted into the clip above so that the panel is loosely supported. The panel is then pressed against the stringers, and finally slid upwards so that the panel becomes locked into the clip at

‘NCORNSP-012EMLC’ was bred to meet the increasing demand for new ornamental sweetpotatoes. ‘NCORNSP-012EMLC’ is a compact, semi-upright; mounding, spreading variety producing many short shoots. This variety is distinguishable from other varieties by its very deeply-lobed light green to chartreuse colored leaves and its compact, highly branched plant habit. The plant has good vigor and distinctive twisting and outwardly curved petioles, causing leaves to be presented on a horizontal plane. The production of flowers by ‘NCORNSP-012EMLC’ is rare even under short day conditions. In greenhouse and field trials conducted since 2005 by the breeding program and industry collaborators ‘NCORNSP-012EMLC’ has been shown to be much less vigorous than Ipomoea batatas ‘Margarita’ and ‘Blackie’ and is suitable for use as a landscape or containerized plant.
‘NCORNSP-012EMLC’ originated from a conventional cross between the proprietary Ipomoea batatas cultivar ‘NC2591-002ORN’ (the female parent; unpatented) and the proprietary Ipomoea batatas cultivar ‘NC2279-001ORN’ (the male parent; unpatented) conducted during October 2004 to April 2005 in a greenhouse in North Carolina. Botanical seed of the ‘NC2591-002ORN’×‘NC2279-001ORN’ cross were planted in the greenhouses in North Carolina in Spring 2005. The first cycle of selection on this family was exercised in the seedling trays and survivors were transferred to a single 6-inch pot, which was then maintained in the greenhouse. Cuttings (2 each) were taken from the plants in April and planted at greenhouses in North Carolina as 2-plant un-replicated plots during late June to early July 2005. The single, individual clone now known as ‘NCORNSP-012EMLC’ was selected on Sep. 1, 2005 because of its combination of exceptional ornamental sweetpotato features, and has been propagated asexually since that time.
Since its selection, ‘NCORNSP-012EMLC’ has been asexually reproduced in greenhouses in North Carolina predominantly by vegetative propagation of vine cuttings. Successively, there have been five cycles of vegetative propagation, one cycle of tissue culture micro propagation and multiple vegetative propagation cycles to increase the plant population

This invention relates generally to digital data receivers and specifically to a novel AGC (automatic gain control) system for HDTV (high definition television) receivers. U.S. Pat. No. 5,565,932, entitled AGC SYSTEM WITH PILOT USING DIGITAL DATA REFERENCE, issued Oct. 15, 1996 to Zenith Electronics Corporation, describes a digital television signal that is formatted in a plurality of repetitive data segments, with each data segment consisting of a fixed number of multilevel symbols occurring at a constant symbol rate of 10.76 megasymbols per second. In a receiver, the multilevel symbols are converted to corresponding digital values and the pilot, that is represented by a DC offset in the signal, is removed. The symbols are sampled, accumulated and divided to derive an average symbol value. This value is compared to a reference average symbol value to develop an AGC voltage for controlling the IF gain (and thereby the RF gain) of the receiver.
Difficulties arise in the AGC processing of rapidly changing RF signals that reach the receiving antenna. The effects of phase, delay and signal strength of dynamically ghosted signals, or of atmospheric conditions, can result in rapid changes in the total received RF signal level. A fast-acting AGC system in a receiver will tend to minimize such changes, resulting in less clipping in the analog processing circuits, particularly the IF circuits. If a signal is severely clipped, digital data will be lost and the receiver error correction circuitry will begin to fail. A fast receiver AGC will also reduce the speed requirements on the receiver equalizer, a task of which is to cancel the amplitude variations in the received signal.
Fast AGC systems are also particularly effective against zero or short delay dynamic ghosts. Such ghosts often occur in a home environment when people walk in front of an indoor antenna. In these instances, the delays are very short between the received direct and ghosted signals and the effect is much like a fast varying attenuation of a received signal. Because the tuner is designed to accommodate a large range of input signals, distortion is low, even in the presence of a dynamically changing RF input signal. Because of this, the IF AGC can be called upon to immediately track and compensate for fast moving RF signal variations and the tuner AGC can be designed to adjust its gain at a much lower rate. In the implementation of this invention, the fast AGC is applied to the IF whenever called for and is not dependent upon the slower, non-

As used herein, the term “user equipment” (alternatively “UE”) might in some cases refer to mobile devices such as mobile telephones, personal digital assistants, handheld or laptop computers, and similar devices that have telecommunications capabilities. Such a UE might include a device and its associated removable memory module, such as but not limited to a Universal Integrated Circuit Card (UICC) that includes a Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) application, a Universal Subscriber Identity Module (USIM) application, or a Removable User Identity Module (R-UIM) application. Alternatively, such a UE might include the device itself without such a module. In other cases, the term “UE” might refer to devices that have similar capabilities but that are not transportable, such as desktop computers, set-top boxes, or network appliances. The term “UE” can also refer to any component that can terminate a communication session for a user. Also, the terms “user equipment,” “UE,” “user agent,” “UA,” “user device,” and “mobile device” might be used synonymously herein.
As telecommunications technology has evolved, more advanced network access equipment has been introduced that can provide services that were not possible previously. This network access equipment might include systems and devices that are improvements of the equivalent equipment in a traditional wireless telecommunications system. Such advanced or next generation equipment may be included in evolving wireless communications standards, such as Long-Term Evolution (LTE) and LTE-Advanced (LTE-A). For example, an LTE or LTE-A system might be an Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access Network (E-UTRAN) and include an E-UTRAN node B (or eNB), a wireless access point, or a similar component rather than a traditional base station. As used herein, the term “access node” refers to any component of the wireless network, such as a traditional base station, a wireless access point, or an LTE or LTE-A node B or eNB, that creates a geographical area of reception and transmission coverage allowing a UE or a relay node to access other components in a telecommunications system. In this document, the terms “access node” and “network element” may be used interchangeably, but it is understood that an access node may comprise a plurality of hardware and software.
In 3GPP LTE, a cell may refer to a combination of downlink and/or uplink resources. In general, multiple cells may originate from the same access node (e.

This invention relates to a control for changing the gear ratios of an automatic transmission. More particularly, it pertains to a control of the hydraulic pressure supplied to the clutches and brakes of an automatic transmission whose engagement and disengagement selectively produce the various speed ratios of the transmission.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The speed ratio of an automatic transmission can be upshifted by disengaging a first clutch, whose engagement holds a member of the gear set against rotation and causes the lower speed ratio to be produced, and by engaging a second clutch or brake, whose engagement combined with the disengagement of the first clutch holds another member of the gear set and causes operation at the higher speed ratio. Ideally, the output torque of the transmission is constant or changes smoothly and imperceptibly during the ratio change. Hydraulic pressure is supplied to certain clutches and brakes, and others of these are vented selectively to produce engagement and disengagement.
A power-on upshift of an automatic transmission involves an output torque transient whose earliest portion produces decreasing acceleration of the motor vehicle and whose latter portion produces increasing acceleration as the transmission speed ratio increases. The upshift transient has a first or torque phase, during which torque changes occur on the clutches and transmission output without a speed change and thus without inertia torques. The transient has also a second or inertial phase, during which the clutch elements are accelerated to their new speeds with associated inertia torque. During the torque phase, the output torque of the transmission is a function of the torque produced by the engine and the torque carried by the clutches. During the inertia phase, the output torque of the transmission is a function only of clutch torque, in a transmission where an overrunning clutch provides the reaction at the higher gear ratio. Where a friction element such as a clutch or brake is used instead of an overrunning clutch for this purpose during the inertia phase, the output torque of the transmission is a function of the engine torque, clutch torque and the torque on the reaction friction element.
During this transient, a passenger first senses decreasing acceleration during the torque phase followed by an abrupt change to an increasing acceleration as the torque is transferred from one friction element to another. If the clutch torque is not carefully limited, the change in output torque when the speed change is completed will be sensed by the passenger as a decreasing acceleration. The prior art has taught that the decreasing output torque during the torque phase is an inherent characteristic of a power-on upshift and is unavoidable, particularly so, when the output torque before the shift

Improved processes for aromatics production, such as that described in the Handbook of Petroleum Processing, McGraw-Hill, New York 1996, pp. 4.3-4.26, provide increased aromatics yield but also increase the amount of contaminants. For example, the shift from high-pressure semi-regenerative reformers to low-pressure moving bed reformers results in a substantial increase in BI in the reformate streams, which are aromatic hydrocarbon feedstocks for downstream processes. This results in a greater need for more efficient and less expensive methods for removal of hydrocarbon contaminants from aromatic hydrocarbon feedstocks, e.g., reformate streams.
Olefins (mono-olefins and multi-olefins) in aromatic hydrocarbon feedstocks are commercially removed by hydrotreating processes. Commercial hydrotreating catalysts have proved active and stable to substantially convert multi-olefins contained therein to oligomers and to partially convert the olefins to alkylaromatics.
The clay treatment of hydrocarbons is widely practiced in the petroleum and petrochemical industries. Clay catalysts are used to remove impurities from hydrocarbon feedstocks in a wide variety of processes. One of the most common reasons for treating these hydrocarbon feedstocks with a clay catalyst system is to remove olefinic materials in order to meet various quality specifications. As used herein the term “olefinic compound” or “olefinic material” is intended to refer to both mono-olefins and multi-olefins. Olefinic compounds may be objectionable in aromatic hydrocarbons at even very low concentrations of less than a few parts per million (ppm) for some processes such as nitration of benzene. Undesirable olefins, including both multi-olefins and mono-olefins, have typically been concurrently removed from aromatic hydrocarbon feedstocks by contacting the aromatic hydrocarbon feedstocks with acid-treated clay.
More recently, molecular sieves, and particularly zeolites, have been proposed as replacements for clays in the removal of olefinic compounds from aromatic hydrocarbon feedstocks. U.S. Pat. No. 6,368,496 (Brown et al.) discloses a method for removing bromine-reactive contaminants from an aromatic hydrocarbon stream which comprises providing an aromatic hydrocarbon feedstream which has a negligible multi-olefin level and contacting the feedstream with an acid active catalyst composition under conditions sufficient to remove mono-olefinic bromine-reactive contaminants. The acid active catalyst composition

The PLL core (250) is designed to output the chip clock signal (217), which is a multiple of the system clock signal (201). When the PLL is in xe2x80x9clock,xe2x80x9d the chip clock signal (217) and system clock signal (201) maintain a specific phase relationship. To allow different multiplication ratios, the PLL core (250) may use several xe2x80x9cdivide byxe2x80x9d circuits. A xe2x80x9cdivide byxe2x80x9d circuit reduces the frequency of the input to the xe2x80x9cdivide byxe2x80x9d circuit at its output by a specified factor. For example, the PLL core (250) uses a divide by A circuit (220) with the system clock signal (201), a divide by C circuit (222) with a voltage-controlled oscillator (210) output signal (213), and a divide by B circuit (224) with the feedback loop signal (221).
A phase-frequency detector (202) aligns the transition edge and frequency of a clock A signal (221) and a clock B signal (223). The phase-frequency detector (202) adjusts its output frequency in order to zero any phase and frequency difference between the clock A signal (221) and the clock B signal (223). The phase-frequency detector (202) produces signals that control charge pumps (204, 234). The phase-frequency detector (202), using control signals up (203) and down (205), controls the charge pumps (204, 234) to increase or decrease their output. The charge pump (204) adds or removes charge from a capacitor Cl (206) that changes the voltage potential at the input of a bias-generator (208). The capacitor (206) is connected between a power supply VDD and a control voltage VCTRL (207). The charge pump (234) adds or removes charge from a bias voltage VBP (209) of a bias-generator (208).
The bias-generator (208) produces bias voltages VBP (209) and VBN (211) in response to the control voltage (207). The PLL core (250) may be self-biased by adding the charge pump (234) to the bias-generator (208) bias voltage VBP (209). The addition of a second charge pump (234) allows the removal of a resistor in series with

A characteristic which all of the aforementioned disinfectants have in common is that they are soluble to some extent in water. Thus humans or animals drinking or contacting the water are exposed to the compounds and products of their reactions with contaminants which could cause health risks in some situations.
Polymeric quaternary ammonium anionic-exchange resins have been known for many years (see for example U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,595,225; 2,923,701; 2,980,657; 2,980,634; 3,147,218; 3,288,770; 3,316,173; 3,425,790; 3,462,363; 3,554,905; 3,539,684; 3,817,860; 3,923,665; 4,187,183; 4,349,646; 4,420,590). The "polyquats" have important limitations. Most are soluble in water which means that they could pose a threat to humans or animals drinking or contacting water containing them. The insoluble polyquats tend to release fairly high concentrations of free halogen, and the most effective of these release the triiodide ion, which is undesirable with respect to dietary intake for certain groups of the population (U.S. Pat. No. 4,349,646). Such compounds are also generally expensive to manufacture.
Functionally modified poly(styrene-divinylbenzene) compounds containing N-chlorinated sulfonamide moieties have been prepared and shown to have biocidal properties (see for example Emerson et al., Ind. Eng. Chem. Prod. Res. Dev., 17:269 (1978); Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 29:448 (1990); Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 30:2426 (1991)). However, these N-halamines do not contain the N-Cl or N-Br moieties in a cyclic ring and are hence not expected to be as stable toward release of free halogen as those to be described herein. In fact, they are known to release greater than 1 milligram per liter of free chlorine when the pH of water flowing through them is greater than 7.0.
Therefore, there is a great need for insoluble broad-spectrum disinfectants which kill microorganisms upon contact, but which do not leach undesirable organic contaminants into the medium to be disinfected, and which maintain a very low concentration of free halogen (less than 1 milligram per liter) in such

The nitrogen fertilizer industry, in most countries, uses anhydrous ammonia as a principal component. This is because anhydrous ammonia: (1) has relatively low initial cost; (2) is the raw material for other synthetic nitrogen fertilizers; (3) has high nitrogen content, the content being approximately 82 percent by weight; and (4) has physical characteristics which make long distance pipeline, rail and truck transport efficient.
Because anhydrous ammonia is a liquefied gas, it has several disadvantages under some circumstances, such as: (1) requiring special storage and handling facilities which are so expensive as to limit storage of anhydrous ammonia at the farm level and the local retail level; (2) requiring specialized subsurface application equipment to avoid ammonia loss at application time; (3) not being suitable for application in irrigation waters because it results in calcium carbonate deposits in the irrigation equipment and prohibitive amounts of fertilizer nitrogen are lost to the atmosphere through voltilization; (4) the time during a cropping season when it can be applied is limited because of the subsurface application requirements; and (5) because it must be applied at certain times, logistical problems and economic burdens are created in the industry.
One of the economic problems occurs because many soils, and especially coarser irrigated soils, cannot hold enough nitrogen applied as a single preplant ammonia application to sustain economic crop yields. Thus, it is necessary to apply split applications of nitrogen fertilizer. The time during the crop cycle when ammonia can be side dressed as a split application is limited by the growth of the crop plants because the operation requires knifing the ammonia gas into the soil.
It is known to use non-pressure nitrogen solutions to reduce some of these difficulties because they adapt readily to simple handling, storage and application methods. Moreover, the application of non-pressure fertilizer nitrogen solutions can be accomplished in concert with crop needs and this elicits a better crop growth response for each unit of applied nitrogen than the normal method of applying nitrogen in a concentrated ammonia band in the soil at the beginning of or shortly after the start of a crop cycle.
Non-pressure nitrogen solutions can be applied to the crop as a top dressing mechanically or in water used to irrigate the crop so it can be applied in a practical manner as the crop needs nitrogen.
However, non-pressure nitrogen solution fertilizers manufactured and applied by prior art techniques have a disadvantage in that a delivered unit of nitrogen as non-pressure nitrogen solution costs nearly double that for nitrogen as anhydrous ammonia

method for allocating identifiers, that are contained in signals issued by transmitters arranged in a tire pressure monitoring system,
comprising a pressure sensor, a transmitter and a transmission antenna on each of a number of vehicle wheels, one or more receiving antennas on the vehicle body, and an electronic receiving and analysis system connected to such antennas by wire,
to the positions of the wheels on which the transmitters are arranged, by picking up the signals, containing the identifier, by the one or more receiving antennas, transmitting them to the electronic receiving and analysis system and analyzing them by means of the latter with respect to their identifier, as prior art.
A method of this kind has been known from DE 196 08 478 A1. The known tire pressure monitoring system comprises on each wheel of a vehicle a pressure sensor, an electronic analysis circuit connected to the pressure sensor, a transmitter, a transmission antenna and a battery which latter supplies the electronic systems on the wheels (hereinafter referred to as wheel electronics) with current. Provided on the vehicle body, adjacent the wheels, are receiving antennas which are connected via cable to a central receiving and analysis circuit (hereinafter referred to as central electronic analysis system).
A problem encountered with such tire pressure monitoring systems is unequivocal allocation of the transmitters to the respective position of the wheel on the vehicle. To solve this problem, the transmitters generate a signal divided into four segments, consisting of preface, identification signal, measurement signal, and conclusion. The central electronic system can recognize the position of the transmitting wheel of the vehicle based on the identification signal (identifier). Doing so, however, requires previous unequivocal allocation of the identifier to the respective wheel position and storing of that allocation in the central electronic analysis system. DE 196 08 478 A1 discloses a possibility of performing that allocation automatically, based on the signals transmitted by the wheel electronics, after the initial assembly of the wheels on the vehicle or after a wheel change. To this end, the intensity of the signals received is analyzed statistically: Although each receiving antenna receives signals from all transmitting vehicle wheels, one starts out from the assumption that the signals obtained from the wheel the closest to the respective receiving antenna will be received with the greatest intensity, taking the statistical mean value.
A similar allocation system is known from DE 196 08 479 A1.
The known allocation methods are connected with the disadvantage that they cause considerable costs in connection with the tire pressure monitoring system because a separate receiving antenna must be provided in the neighborhood of each wheel, and must be connected via an antenna cable

Rapid thermal processing (RTP) generally includes heating from a radiant heat source, such as lamps and/or resistive heating elements. In a conventional RTP system, the substrate is heated to a desired temperature, and then the radiant heat source is turned off, which causes the substrate to cool. In some systems, a gas may flow onto the substrate to enhance cooling. However, as processing parameters continue to evolve, temperature ramp up and heating uniformity during RTP requires closer monitoring and control.
A frequently used process for treating substrates (also referred to herein as “wafers”) is ion implantation. Ion implantation typically takes the substrates through a thermal process performed in a rapid thermal processing (RTP) chamber that provides a uniformly distributed thermal cycle that can heat the substrate from room temperature to approximately 450° C. to about 1400° C. In a conventional RTP system, robotic arm is used to transfer substrates to a structure that supports the substrates in the RTP chamber. The substrates need to be placed on the center of the structure to promote even heat distribution across the substrate surface. However, when substrates are transferred onto the structure, it is often that the positioning of the substrate on the ring structure cannot be accurately repeated. For example, the robotic arm may not be able to position consecutive substrates onto the same centered position on the structure. The difference in the positioning of the substrates may lead to uneven heat distribution across the substrate surface, therefore a decrease in production of the substrate.
Some rapid thermal processing apparatus use a substrate support in the form of an “edge ring” to support the substrate or wafer. As the name implies, the edge ring holds the substrate, typically called a wafer, around the edges only so as to minimize the contact with the substrate. If the wafer is not centered on the edge ring or other wafer support, uneven overlap on either side of the wafer create a side to side non-uniformity that rotates with the wafer (and wafer support). Robot placement accuracy is limited to ±0.007 inches. However, for every 0.001 inch that the wafer is placed off-center of the wafer support, the wafer can experience a 1° C. side-to-side temperature difference. Thus, in order to achieve temperature uniformity in the range of ±2° C., the wafer needs to be placed on the wafer support such that the wafer and wafer support are coaxial within ±0.002 inches.
Therefore, there is a need in the art for apparatuses and methods for the micro-positioning

Microtubules are intracellular, filamentous, polymeric structures, present in eukaryotic cells, that extend throughout the cytoplasm and govern the location of membrane-bounded organelles and other cell components. Microtubules are involved in many cellular functions including chromosome migration during mitosis, organelle transport, cytokinesis, cell plate formation, cell motility, and maintenance of cell shape. Microtubules are composed of molecules of tubulin protein, each molecule of which is a heterodimer of α-tubulin and β-tubulin.
Mitosis is the process by which eukaryotic cells ensure the distribution of their chromosomes into two daughter cells during cell division. During this process, the cytoplasmic microtubules are disrupted and reformed as a (mitotic) spindle consisting of large numbers of short microtubules that surround each centrosome. As mitosis proceeds, the elongating ends of the microtubules attach to the chromosomes, the chromosomes align on the metaphase plate, and, during anaphase, the sister chromatids are separated. If any of these stages of chromosomal alignment and separation is disrupted by irregular microtubules, mitosis fails.
Implicit in this mechanism of microtubule-based chromosome migration and separation is that microtubules are labile structures. Further, that lability is critical for their function. The lability manifests through rapid polymerization and depolymerization of the microtubules, which enables cell-scale movements of the chromosomes during mitosis. Even when the mitotic spindle, and the microtubules from which it is made, appears macroscopically inert, tubulin subunits freely exchange on the microtubules. If such free exchange of tubulin subunits is disrupted, the mitotic spindle is compromised and the cell cannot divide. Certain drugs exploit the necessity of tubulin free-exchange in mitosis and act therapeutically by disrupting the delicate balance between microtubule polymerization and depolymerization. Some drugs bind to tubulin subunits, preventing them from being incorporated into a growing microtubule while others bind to the microtubule itself, preventing additional tubulin subunits from binding. As a consequence of either activity, cells undergoing division, and particularly those cells demonstrating aberrant, rapid division, i.e., cancer cells, are killed.
Anticancer drugs that act by binding to tubulin or to microtubules include the alkaloids vincristine and vinblastine, and the taxane-based compounds paclitaxel and docetaxel (see, for example, E. K. Rowinsky and R. C. Donehower, Pharmacology and Therapeutics, 52, 35

It is a common practice to mount electronic circuitry on planar printed circuit boards to form printed circuit board assemblies. The printed circuit board assemblies are then assembled in a closely spaced parallel relationship within a frame or cabinet which is often referred to as a chassis. The frame is provided with a plurality of edge slot sets, each receiving and mounting a printed circuit board assembly. Typically printed circuit board assemblies are slideably inserted into the slot sets from a front side of the frame and have printed plug connectors for engaging and providing electrical connection to a receptacle connector at the opposite, back side of the frame. Usually the receptacle connectors are part of a backplane wiring assembly which provides a desired interconnection between printed circuit board assemblies.
It is often necessary to provide forced air cooling of electronic components of the printed circuit board assemblies and for this purpose a fan is disposed to blow air through the frame in a direction parallel to the planes of the printed circuit board assemblies. Frequently two or more mounting frames are stacked so that a single fan can blow air through a plurality of mounting frames.
Ordinarily the printed circuit board assemblies will be populated with similar components such as dual-in-line packages and are uniformly spaced so that they present approximately equal impedances to the flow of cooling air and cause the air to be uniformly distributed throughout the frame. However, a problem arises when a frame is less than fully populated with printed circuit board assemblies. For example, a memory frame might be sold in a minimum size configuration with empty slots available for expansion or a computer mounting frame might have slots available for the addition of more memory or additional input/output boards.
Whenever one or more vacant slots occur in a mounting frame the distribution of impedance becomes unequal and cooling air preferentially flows through the vacant slots. As a result, the cooling air flow to the mounted printed circuit board assemblies is reduced and their circuit components tend to operate at high temperatures. This results in decreased reliability or undesirable design tradeoffs such as selection of high temperature components, decreasing of component density on a circuit board or greater use of expensive heat sinks. Furthermore, when an uneven impedance distribution causes an uneven air flow in one frame, the air flow in adjacent frames will also be uneven, whether or not the adjacent frames are fully populated.
A number of schemes have been employed to evenly distribute the air flow in a partially populated frame. One scheme employs "unit" baffles or dummy printed circuit board assemblies approximating the air flow impedance of an operative printed circuit board assembly. This scheme can require the utilization of a large number

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a mobile communication technology and an uplink transmission control method, and more particularly, to a method for allocating a Physical Hybrid Automatic Repeat Request Indicator Channel (PHICH) and generating a reference signal in a system using Single-User Multiple Input Multiple Output (SU-MIMO) based on multiple codewords upon uplink transmission.
2. Discussion of the Related Art
In a mobile communication system, a user equipment (UE) may receive information from a base station (BS) in downlink and transmit information in uplink. The information transmitted or received by the UE includes data and a variety of control information, and a physical channel varies according to the type of information transmitted or received by the UE.
FIG. 1 is a view showing physical channels used for a 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) Long Term Evolution (LTE) system, which is an example of a mobile communication system, and a general signal transmission method using the same.
When a UE is powered on or when the UE newly enters a cell, the UE performs an initial cell search operation such as synchronization with a BS in step S101. In order to perform the initial cell search, the UE may receive a Primary Synchronization Channel (P-SCH) and a Secondary Synchronization Channel (S-SCH) from the BS so as to perform synchronization with the BS, and acquire information such as a cell ID. Thereafter, the UE may receive a physical broadcast channel from the BS and acquire broadcast information in the cell. Meanwhile, the UE may receive a Downlink Reference signal (DL RS) in the initial cell search step and confirm a downlink channel state.
The UE, upon completes the initial cell search, may receive a Physical Downlink Control Channel (PDCCH) and a Physical Downlink Shared Channel (PDSCH) corresponding to the PDCCH, and acquire more detailed system information in step S102.
Meanwhile, if the UE does not complete access to the BS, the UE may perform a random access procedure in steps S103 to S106, in order to complete access to the BS. In order to perform a random access procedure, the UE may transmit a feature sequence via a Physical Random Access Channel (PRACH) as a preamble (S103), and may receive a response message to the random access procedure via the PDCCH and the PDSCH corresponding thereto (S104). In contention-based random access, except for hand

U.S. Pat. No. 4,998,709 to Griffin et al. discloses a method of making graphite electrode nipples using carbon fibers derived from mesophase pitch added to blends of coke and pitch to produce an electrode pinstock. The invention adds from 8 to 20% of mesophase pitch based carbon fibers to 65% premium coke and 22 to 28% of a binder to form an extrusion blend and extruding to form a pinstock artifact. It is believed that the high degree of alignment of the carbon fibers is necessary to achieve the decrease in longitudinal CTE. However, there appears to be an undesirable increase in the transverse (against-grain) CTE, and lower strength. The undesirable effect of a higher transverse CTE results from the carbon fibers having a very low longitudinal CTE (xe2x88x921.5xc3x9710xe2x88x926xc2x0 C.) but a very high transverse CTE (about 5 to 8xc3x9710xe2x88x926/xc2x0 C.).
One major obstacle to attaining lower CTEs in both the transverse and longitudinal direction is the inability to homogeneously disperse the fibers in the electrode mix prior to extrusion to randomly orient the carbon fibers. Generally, when adding the fibers to the electrode mixes, it is preferable to have a fiber length no larger than that of the largest coke filler particles (about 1 inch). To achieve such a product, the carbon fibers are generally compacted with the use of a sizing material and then chopped into small bundles. Each bundle may contain up to about 20,000 mono-filaments. When these fiber bundles are added to electrode mixes containing coke and pitch or pre-blended with the coke prior to pitch addition, homogenous distribution of the bundles into individual mono-filaments is virtually impossible. The fibers cluster into balls or clumps when mixed with the electrode ingredients. FIG. 1 is a photomicrograph at 200xc3x97 magnification of a cross-section of a typical electrode mix of coke filler and pitch to which fiber bundles were added and mixed in a conventional manner. The fibers 10 are shown as small light colored elliptical shapes and are agglomerated in a background of pitch 15 along with coke particles 25. These agglomerated fibers lead to poor structure in the formed electrode and require high amounts of fibers to achieve desired property improvements. During extrusion,

U.S. Pat. No. 5,356,417 describes a fluorescent-based sensing device comprising indicator molecules and a photosensitive element, e.g., a photodetector. Broadly speaking, in the context of the field of the invention, indicator molecules are molecules where one or more optical characteristics of which is or are affected by the local presence of an analyte. Indicator molecules have been used to measure a wide array of analytes, such as glucose, oxygen, toxins, pharmaceuticals or other drugs, hormones, and other metabolic analytes. These indicator molecules are often classified based on the chemical principal on which their activity is based. For example, the activity of many indicators, such as the one described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,344,360, the disclosure of which is incorporated herein by reference, are based on the principle of luminescence, in particular fluorescence. U.S. Pat. No. 6,344,360 describes a fluorescent indicator molecule containing a fluorescent lanthanide metal chelate complex whose fluorescence emission intensity is increased by the presence of certain sugars. Other categories of indicator molecules include calorimetric indicator molecules which change their color in the presence of an analyte and indicator molecules which change absorbency at a particular wavelength.
Indicator molecules vary widely in their chemical compositions and properties. For example, indicator molecules may be monomeric or polymeric and/or hydrophilic or hydrophobic.
Indicator molecules have been immobilized on supports, such as sensor surfaces, by attaching the indicator molecule at the surface of the support. Immobilizing indicator molecules on inert polymeric substrates poses a particular challenge, since those substrates have to be modified to create or chosen to provide attachment points for the indicator molecules.
Molecules can be immobilized on a substrate in different ways. Immobilization is often based on covalent links between the substrate and the immobilized molecule. To facilitate immobilization, inert substrates are generally avoided, as those require pretreatments, e.g., with U.V. or with harsh acids such as nitric acid to achieve oxidation of the substrate to create reactive sites. These pretreatments are generally associated with undesirables, such as instability of the immobilization product or the handling of harsh acids. Thus, more readily modifiable supports, such as polyacrylamide supports, are generally chosen to attach molecules of interest. A polyacrylamide support can, for example, be readily modified, for example, by attaching through reactive amine groups, which enables attachment of a wide variety of molecules,

2.9 Processing of Ore and Coal Slurry
Furthermore, the starch may be used as a flocculant in the processing of ore and coal slurry.
2.10 Starch as an Additive in Casting
Another field of application is the use as an additive to process materials in casting. For various casting processes cores produced from sands mixed with binding agents are needed. Nowadays, the most commonly used binding agent is bentonite mixed with modified starches, mostly swelling starches.
The purpose of adding starch is increased flow resistance as well as improved binding strength. Moreover, swelling starches may fulfill more prerequisites for the production process, such as dispersability in cold water, rehydratisability, good mixability in sand and high capability of binding water.
2.11 Use of Starch in Rubber Industry
In the rubber industry starch may be used for improving the technical and optical quality. Reasons for this are improved surface gloss, grip and appearance. For this purpose, the starch is dispersed on the sticky rubberized surfaces of rubber substances before the cold vulcanization. It may also be used for improving the printability of rubber.
2.12 Production of Leather Substitutes
Another field of application for the modified starch is the production of leather substitutes.
2.13 Starch in Synthetic Polymers
In the plastics market the following fields of application are emerging: the integration of products derived from starch into the processing process (starch is only a filler, there is no direct bond between synthetic polymer and starch) or, alternatively, the integration of products derived from starch into the production of polymers (starch and polymer form a stable bond).
The use of the starch as a pure filler cannot compete with other substances such as talcum. This situation is different when the specific starch properties become effective and the property profile of the end products is thus clearly changed. One example is the use of starch products in the processing of thermoplastic materials, such as polyethylene. Thereby, starch and the synthetic polymer are combined in a ratio of 1:1 by means of coexpression to form a xe2x80x98master batchxe2x80x99, from which various products are produced by means of common techniques using granulated polyethylene. The integration of starch in polyethylene films may cause an increased substance permeability in hollow bodies, improved water vapor permeability, improved antistatic behavior, improved anti-block behavior as well as improved printability with aqueous dyes.
Another

Garage door opener systems include a portable transmitter and a garage door opener (GDO). The GDO is mounted in a garage. The GDO includes a controller for actuating a mechanical device to open or close the garage door. The GDO includes a receiver for wirelessly receiving signals. In operation, a user activates the transmitter to open or close the garage door. In turn, the transmitter wirelessly transmits a garage door signal recognized by the GDO receiver. Upon the GDO receiver receiving the garage door signal, the GDO controller actuates the mechanical device to open or close the garage door.
Some vehicles include integrated vehicle transceivers for controlling a GDO. A vehicle transceiver learns the garage door signal recognized by the GDO receiver. Typically, the learning process includes placing the transceiver into a programming mode and using the portable transmitter to transmit the garage door signal to the transceiver. The transceiver learns the received garage door signal as being the garage door signal recognized by the GDO receiver. In operation, a user activates the transceiver which in turn wirelessly transmits the garage door signal recognized by the GDO receiver to open or close the garage door. A problem with such transceivers is programming difficulty encountered by users.
Some vehicles include hands-free telephone systems. A hands-free telephone system enables a user to talk on a cell phone while using both hands for driving the vehicle. Some hands-free telephone systems use a voice recognition module (VRM) which enables the user to answer and make cell phone calls and re-dial numbers using voice commands. Some hands-free telephone systems use a Bluetooth communications module for wirelessly communicating with a Bluetooth enabled cell phone in the vehicle. During a call between a user using the cell phone and another party over a telecommunications network, the communications module receives the voice signals from the user via a microphone and wirelessly communicates the voice signals to the cell phone for transmission over the telecommunications network for receipt by the other party. Likewise, during the call, the communications module wirelessly receives the voice signals from the other party from the cell phone and outputs the voice signals of the other party through the vehicle speakers for the user to hear. The communications module can communicate with any Bluetooth enabled device in the vicinity of the vehicle even if the device is external to the vehicle.
It would be desirable for a GDO receiver and a Bluetooth enabled communications module of a vehicle to communicate with one another such that the GDO receiver functions as a communications gateway module for enabling communications among the vehicle

The VOD server 10 may convert a large quantity of multimedia contents file into a digital compression image signal (or file) and store the data in a database 11. The VOD server 10 may provide the multimedia contents file to the client 20 upon request. The VOD server 10 may also perform service operation and management such as billing and monitoring generated as the multimedia contents file is provided.
The client 20 may be a terminal that includes an input unit and a display unit. The client 20 may transmit a request or a command of a user to the VOD server 10. The client 20 may decode and display the multimedia contents file received from the VOD server 10.
The network 30 may support high speed transmission in order to transmit a large quantity of continuous multimedia data between the VOD server 10 and the client 20.
The multimedia contents file may be in MP4 file format, for example, and may be stored in the database 11 of the VOD server 10. FIG. 2 illustrates a format of a MP4 file according to an example arrangement. Other arrangements and formats are also possible. More specifically, FIG. 2 shows the MP4 file divided into a header (moov) and media data (mdat) including audio and video data.
The header (moov) may include information about an audio region and a video region, and meta information for accessing and reproducing the media data (mdat).
Such a VOD service system as described above may provide a service of a streaming method and/or downloading method.
In a streaming method, received multimedia information may be buffered for only a short delay time and then reproduced. In order to guarantee a real time transmission of the multimedia contents, Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) and User Datagram Protocol (UDP), which is a connectionless protocol, may be used for the transmission.
FIG. 3 illustrates a RTP/UDP stack and an RTP packet according to an example arrangement. Other arrangements are also possible. As shown in FIG. 3, in the streaming method, substantial multimedia data may be RTP-packetized and capsularized to a UDP header and an IP header so as to be transmitted. The RTP packet may be a payload of a UDP, including an RTP header and an RTP payload storing the multimedia data.
The RTP header may include a version (V) of the RTP, an extension (X), a padding (P), a CSRC count (CC), a marker (M)

                              SAD          ⁡                      (                          dx              ,              dy                        )                          =                              ∑                          i              =              0                                      m              -              1                                ⁢                                    ∑                              j                =                0                                            n                -                1                                      ⁢                                                                                              B                                          x                      ,                      y                                        t                                    ⁡                                      (                                          i                      ,                      j                                        )                                                  -                                                      B                                                                  x                        +                        dx                                            ,                                              y                        +                        dy                                                                                                                                                        ⁢                                              t                        -                        1                                                                              ⁡                                      (                                          i                      ,                      j                                        )                                                                                                                        (        1        )            
where Bx, yt(i, j) represents pixel (i, j) within the block (with this representation, location (0, 0) within the block refers to the block starting position of (x, y)).
One of the problems encountered in the process of motion estimation is the determination of the reliability of the computed motion vector. Intuitively, it appears that smaller values of the SAD represent better matches and hence more accurate motion vectors while large values of the SAD represent poor matches and consequently inaccurate motion vectors. Accordingly, the best motion vector (vx, vy) is the one that minimizes the SAD metric over all possible motion vectors. Typically, a subset of all possible motion vectors (defined by a search area and search resolution), denoted by Δ, is used. Mathematically by expression (2):SAD(vx, vy)≦SAD(dx, dy), where (dx, dy) εΔ⊂2  (2)
where SAD(dx, dy) is computed as mentioned in expression (1). However, in practice, the range of SAD values for reliable matches shows much variation with content.
The example in FIG. 2 shows the SAD surface and lists the minimum SAD value and the corresponding motion vector for one block in a test video sequence for the case when the estimated motion vector represents the true motion. The example in FIG. 3 shows another example where the motion vector was correctly estimated. FIG. 4, on the other hand, shows an example of an unreliable motion vector due to multiple object motion within the block.
As can be seen from FIGS.

2. Description of the Related Art
In recent years, the demand for minimizing power consumption during standby when a printing operation is not performed in a printer or a facsimile machine, for example, has been increasing. Accordingly, a switching power supply device used for a power supply circuit unit of a printer or a facsimile has been required to reduce power consumption in a standby status.
Typically, a switching power supply device of an RCC (rising choke converter) type is used for a power supply circuit unit of those electronic apparatuses. However, the switching power supply device of the RCC type has a characteristic that a switching frequency increases as a load becomes lighter and the switching loss increases accordingly. Under these circumstances, reduction of the power consumption under a light load, such as in a standby state, cannot be expected.
Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 7-7335 discloses an example of a switching power supply device of the RCC type that is capable of reducing power consumption under a light load. This switching power supply device includes a circuit to force a control terminal of a first switching element to be grounded for a predetermined time period under the light load, so as to delay turn-on of the first switching element and to prevent the switching frequency from exceeding a predetermined value.
However, in the switching power supply device in which the upper limit of the switching frequency is set by the above-described circuit, a sufficient effect of significantly reducing power consumption by decreasing the switching frequency under a light load cannot be obtained.
On the other hand, a switching power supply device for overcoming the above-described problem is disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 2004-80941. The switching power supply device according to this document includes a circuit for setting a minimum on-period in an on-period of a first switching element so that the minimum on-period is ensured. In this case, the on-period cannot be shortened and thus power is excessively supplied to a load in a standby status, so that an output voltage starts to rise. By providing a circuit for controlling (extending) an off-period upon detecting a slight increase in the output voltage, an increase in the output voltage is prevented and an increase in the switching frequency is minimized.
In the switching power supply device according to Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 2004-80941, a standby status is detected by detecting that the output voltage has increased. Thus, a difference is caused between a standby output voltage and

Characterized by:
an aligning surface treatment at one cell wall providing a substantially planar or tilted alignment of the liquid crystal with a defined azimuthal first alignment direction;
an aligning surface treatment on the second cell wall capable of separately providing both a preferred, substantially homeotropic alignment of the adjacent liquid crystal, and a defined azimuthal second alignment direction to the adjacent liquid crystal dependant upon liquid crystal molecular arrangement;
the first and second azimuthal alignment directions being at a non zero angle to one another;
the arrangement being such that the liquid crystal material may adopt a twisted and a substantially non twisted molecular arrangement dependant upon applied electric fields.
The first and second azimuthal alignment directions may be substantially perpendicular or within 10xc2x0 of perpendicular. The polarisers optical axis may be orthogonal, or within about 10xc2x0 of being orthogonal. Additionally, the two polarisers may be rotated relative to the cell to obtain maximum contrast between the two states of the device.
The alignment at said second cell wall may comprise an alignment treatment ordinarily providing homeotropic alignment, in conjunction with a relief grating structure. The grating may be symmetric or asymmetric in profile, the groove depth and or pitch may be constant or may vary between pixels or within one pixel. Furthermore the grating groove direction may be constant or may vary between pixels or within one pixel. The grating surface may contain more than one modulation.
The alignment at said second cell wall may comprise an alignment treatment ordinarily providing homeotropic alignment, in conjunction with a rubbed polymer, or in conjunction with an evaporated inorganic layer such as MgF2.
The defined azimuthal alignment direction at said second cell wall may be provided by an anisotropic photoactive polymer layer.
The grating may be a profiled layer of a photopolymer formed by a photolithographic process e.g. M C Hutley, Diffraction Gratings (Academic Press, London 1982) p 95-125; and F Horn, Physics World, 33 (March 1993). Alternatively, the bigrating may be formed by embossing; M T Gale, J Kane and K Knop, J App. Photo Eng, 4, 2, 41 (1978), or ruling; E G Loewen and R S Wiley, Proc SPIE, 88 (1987), or by transfer from a carrier layer.
The planar surface may be a grating or a rubbed polymer or an anisotropically photopolymerised photopolymer or any other treatment which induces a substantially parallel (or a surface

Display devices for viewing a virtual image of a display are described in U.S. Pat. No. 3,170,979 to Baldwin et al. and U.S. Pat. No. 3,059,519 to Stanton. These devices are complex and expensive and are intended for use by pilots and other professionals who need to have certain information continuously displayed within their line-of-sight.
The Baldwin et al. device superimposes an image from a cathode ray tube onto a half-silvered, see-through mirror positioned in the viewing field of the user so as to superimpose an image of the tube display on the normal background environment of the viewer. An elongated tube contains the cathode ray tube and a plurality of separate lenses which project the image onto a half-silvered surface and focus the image at optical infinity. The device is mounted on a harness worn over a helmet and measures about 11/4.times.5 inches and weighs less than six ounces.
The Stanton device includes a cathode ray tube and a plurality of lenses and mirrors. The Stanton device is mounted on the inside of a helmet and the image is displayed on a full reflecting mirror positioned at the lower edge of the helmet just above the pilot's eyes.
The Baldwin et al. and Stanton devices are complex optical systems including a plurality of separate lenses and mirrors which must be accurately positioned within the composite assembly. Each device is sufficiently large that it must be mounted on a helmet to provide sufficient stabilization and support. The price of these complex units can be justified when purchased for use by a pilot or other professional, but they are not intended for sale as a consumer item.
It has been suggested to provide a lap counter on a pair of swimming goggles in U.S. Pat. No. 4,530,105 to Rabinowitz. The counter includes a flux change detector which detects a change in direction of the earth's magnetic field when the swimmer changes direction, means for producing a pulse output during each such change in direction, circuit means for counting the pulses, and display mean for displaying the number of laps completed, such as an LED or LCD display. An LED display is shown mounted on one lens of the goggles with battery-operated circuitry for the display mounted on the headband of the goggles. Rabinowitz does not disclose an operative device because no means are described for focusing the display or rendering it waterproof. An LED display device mounted on a pair of swimming goggles is too close to

Daily losses of calcium must be replaced through dietary intake. Recognized sources of calcium are food sources (naturally occurring and/or as food fortificants), mineral supplements and miscellaneous sources such as antacids (for the treatment of gastric ulcers and acid reflux). The largest source of dietary calcium for most persons is milk (1.2-1.4 g calcium/liter) and other dairy products. Other sources of calcium are, however, important, especially for achieving calcium intakes of 1.2-1.5 g/day (US RNI). Most vegetables contain calcium, although at low density. Therefore, relatively large servings are needed to equal the total intake achieved with typical servings of dairy products.
Calcium adequacy depends not only on the quantity of intake, but also on the portion of calcium in food which can be absorbed through the intestines and is useable in the body, called bioavailability. Even if the daily food intake contains sufficient calcium to theoretically keep the balance of calcium in the body adequate, a lack of calcium in the body may occur. The bioavailability of calcium from vegetables is generally high. An exception is spinach, which is high in oxalate, making its calcium virtually non-bioavailable. Some high-phytate foods, such as whole bran cereals, may also have poorly bioavailable calcium.
While vitamin D and the parathyroid hormone are involved in the active intestinal absorption process, phosphates play a major role in the passive absorption based on diffusion. This absorption process is positively stimulated by the concentration of dissolved calcium: the greater the solubility of the calcium compound, the stronger the passive absorption.
Almost all calcium ingested and present in the stomach is essentially in ionic form because of the low pH conditions. However, when calcium enters the intestine the conditions are more neutral (pH 6-7 and the calcium may precipitate as insoluble calcium phosphate, depending upon the amount of phosphate present. The body is unable to absorb these precipitated calcium phosphates. Precipitation is most likely to occur when the calcium:phosphate ratio in the food or in the intestine is below 1. In Europe this ratio is around 0.6 and in the US this figure is even lower. Therefore, calcium supplementation of foods is beneficial for numerous reasons.
Several products have been introduced that are fortified with calcium. These products, most notably orange juice, are fortified to achieve a calcium concentration similar to that of milk. Limited studies suggest that the bioavailability of the calcium in these products is at

German Application Nos. 1,768,154 and 1,911,174, which have been laid open to public inspection, teach producing malonic acid dinitrile from acetonitrile and cyanogen chloride at a medium reaction temperature below 800.degree.C. and immediately chilling the gaseous reaction product, for example, with ice water, to a low temperature. If the reaction is carried out in the presence of water, then acid-binding substances are added.
German Pat. No. 1,281,424 teaches the reaction of acetonitrile and cyanogen chloride is described in the presence of certain catalysts at 800.degree. to 950.degree.C., or in the presence of chlorine or bromine, as a catalyst, at 700.degree. to 950.degree.C. In such process the reaction mixture is then chilled to a low temperature.
Swiss Patent No. 493,473 discloses the production of malonic acid dinitrile from acetonitrile and cyanogen chloride in the gaseous phase at a temperature of 740.degree. to 780.degree.C. At the same time a molar ratio of cyanogen chloride to acetonitrile of 1:1 to 1:5 is used. A tarry time of 1 to 15 seconds is used. The developing reaction product is cooled immediately, preferably by application of a cooling brine, to 20.degree. to 50.degree.C, and preferably to 25.degree. to 30.degree.C.
In all of the known processes, an attempt was made to chill (quench) the reaction product mixture as quickly as possible to as low a temperature as possible, because the assumption was made that the formation of secondary products could thus be avoided. As a result of such a rapid chilling to a low temperature, a part of the HCl formed during the reaction remained dissolved in the reaction mixture and resinifications developed nitrile compounds, which caused choking and incrustations both in the chilling part of the reactor as well as in the subsequent distillation. As a result of that the apparatus could only be used for a short time -- which in practice leads to the fact that these processes were hardly usable technologically. If the chilling is carried out with the help of cooled acetonitrile (see German application No. 1,768,154), then there is the additional disadvantage that large quantities of HCl are still dissolved in the excess acetonitrile and the separation of the reaction mixture is made even more difficult. As has already been explained previously, this is exceedingly difficult because of

Numerous types of paint ball guns have been developed and used in a variety of manners, such as in simulated war games. These paint ball guns are generally powered by CO2 cartridges or cylinders which, generally, propel the paint balls at a specified velocity, such as three hundred (300) feet per second out of the gun barrel. In general, the prior art paint ball guns include a typical firearm type mechanism including a bolt, spring and cocking handle. The prior art paint ball guns have the gas cylinder mounted behind the handle interfering with the user""s ability to get the gun close to his/her body for accurate aiming and more controlled firing. Examples of prior art paint guns can be found in the U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,386,113, 6,378,367, 6,371,099, 6,367,465, 6,352,032, 6,305,941, 6,280,080, 6,276,354, 6,273,080, 6,233,928, 6,226,915, 6,223,658, 6,213,112, 6,199,286, 6,142,137, 6,142,136, 6,138,656, 6,109,252, 6,062,208, 6,003,547, 6,003,504, 5,993,215, 5,988,153, 5,967,916, 5,947,100, 5,931,342, 5,927,261, 5,896,850, 5,850,826, 5,791,325, 5,778,868, 5,676,548, 5,673,679, 5,669,369, 5,630,406, 5,599,187, 5,597,164, 5,595,165, 5,590,886, 5,572,982, 5,515,838, 5,505,188, 5,494,024, incorporated herein by reference.
Thus, there is a need in the art for an improved paint ball gun having a front disposed gas cylinder which allows the user to hold the gun closer to the user""s body for better aiming and more controlled firing.
The present invention provides a paint ball gun including a front disposed gas cylinder.
The present invention also provides a paint ball gun apparatus including a barrel assembly, a paint ball firing/trigger assembly, a paint ball

Most paper today is made in a continuous sheet on large papermaking machines from a web which undergoes several processing steps. The web is usually 20 feet wide or greater and is made in a continuous manner at very high speeds of, for example, 3000 ft/min. Because the profitability of papermaking machines is directly related to their continuous operation, interruption of full production is extremely costly and, therefore, factors which cause such interruptions are studied intensely to reduce such incidents to a minimum. One factor which results in the interruption of the papermaking machine is a crosswise tear in the paper web. Whenever such a tear occurs the papermaking machine must be shut down totally or partly until the problem is resolved. One cause of these tears are cracks formed at the web edges as the web travels through the machine. While often minor cracks can be tolerated with no problems, larger cracks can propagate across the sheet to form a tear.
Therefore, it is important to monitor cracks on the web edges and to analyze their formation and behavior in a papermaking machine to control web tearing. A better understanding of crack formation and propagation would also lead to improved preventive maintenance and emergency procedures. In fact, numerous devices are known for detecting cracks in moving elongated webs for such purposes. For example, devices are known which scan the web material in the direction of its width to find cracks as taught in U.S. Pat. No. 4,160,913 to Brenholdt, U.S. Pat. No. 4,247,204 to Merlen et al., U.S. Pat. No. 4,335,316 to Glanz et al. and U.S. Pat. No. 4,791,304 to Iida. Other devices are also known which detect tears and holes as well as web edges using stationary light transmission/detection systems. In these systems, light is transmitted toward the web material and is detected by detectors on the other side of the web material when the light is allowed to pass through the web material by cracks or holes therein. For example, such devices are taught in U.S. Pat. No. 2,735,329 to Meunier (sheet metal), U.S. Pat. No. 4,559,451 to Curl, U.S. Pat. No. 4,652,124 to Bowen et al. U.S. Pat. No. 4,680,806 to Bolza Schunemann, U.S. Pat. No. 4,709,157 to

European patent document EP 2159070 A1 proposes gluing together the print sheets in a stack along one edge region. As a result, the stacks can be separated again clearly at a later point in time, prior to the further processing. With this method, however, the print sheets are also compressed irregularly or insufficiently, thereby again resulting in the previously mentioned disadvantages. The glued together print sheets furthermore can no longer be aligned, relative to each other, in the perfect binder. A further disadvantage is that the surface area of the print sheets which is necessary for the gluing and which must then be cut off in a three-knife trimmer during the final trimming step considerably increases the use of paper. An additional disadvantage is the thickening of the stack in those locations where adhesive is applied to the print sheets, thereby making the further processing more difficult.
Also known is a method of gluing the print sheets together along the front ends rather than between the flat areas. Besides the above-mentioned disadvantages of such a gluing operation, this method has the further disadvantage that glue can be deposited along the paper guides during the further processing, thereby causing machine malfunctions and necessitating the expense of a cleaning operation.
Instead of depositing the stacks of print sheets on pallets or similar devices, methods are furthermore known for which the printing press is arranged and operated in line with the perfect binder. Since the printing press can print continuously, as previously mentioned, a buffer or storage section must be provided between the printing press and the further processing locations, wherein the buffer capacity must be sufficient for the individual storage of the book blocks which are printed during the period of changeover to the further processing operations. Additional buffer capacity should also be provided in case the further processing operation stops for any reason whatsoever. Alternatively, the book blocks printed during such an interval can also be transferred out and can then be re-supplied at a later time.
The European patent document EP 1950159 A1 discloses a stack-type arrangement of flat printed products, wherein all printed products within the stack have the same orientation. One of the four sides of the printed products is thicker than the other sides, for example because the printed products have a fold or even a staple on this side. To ensure that these stacks have the same stability as the stacks composed of partial stacks which are arranged offset to each other by 180°, the partial stacks in this case are arranged so as to alternate the thicker sides. In the process, the partial stacks are offset perpendicular to the

FIG. 3 shows a cross sectional view of an example opening 124 for the first pin 114 of the IC device 106 making contact with the first contact pad 118 of the circuit board 110 via the first lead 116 of the socket 102. The lead 116 is within the opening 124 of the socket 102. In the prior art, the lead 116 is part of a two-ended pogo spring mechanism including a first pogo spring 126 disposed toward the pin 114 and a second pogo spring 128 disposed toward the contact pad 118.
Referring to FIGS. 2 and 4, when the socket 102 is mounted to the circuit board 110 and the body of the IC device 106 is clamped to the socket 102, the pin 114 is inserted into the opening 124 and makes electrical contact with the top end of the lead 116. In addition, the bottom end of the lead 116 makes electrical contact with the contact pad 118. The first pogo spring 126 is compressed and pushes the top end of the lead 116 against the bottom of the pin 114 to ensure that the top end of the lead 116 makes electrical contact with the bottom of the pin 114. Similarly, the second pogo spring 128 is compressed and pushes the bottom end of the lead 116 against the contact pad 118 to ensure that the bottom end of the lead 116 makes electric contact with the contact pad 118.
Referring to FIGS. 2 and 4, one disadvantage of the prior art socket system 100 is that the body of the IC device 106 is clamped to the socket 102. Because of the compression force on each of the pins 104 from the top end of the respective lead 116 within the socket 102, the IC device 106 is clamped to the socket 102. Such clamping force and the compression force on the pins 104 may be deleterious to the IC device 106. With advancement of integrated circuit technology, the IC device has an increased number of pins 104. A larger number of pins results in increased total compression force on the pins 104 and increased clamping force on the IC device 106. Such forces may warp and damage the structures of the IC device 106 which may lead to malfunction of the IC device 106.
In addition, in the prior art socket system 100, the top of the lead 116 makes electrical contact with the bottom of the pin 114. As a result, the electrical path length between the IC device 106 and the contact pad 118 is not minimized in the prior art socket system 100. However, a minimized electrical path length between the IC device 106 and the contact pad 118 is desired for minimizing resistance which enhances

In addition to the above characteristics, it is desired that the bottom anti-reflective coating for the dual damascene process has an ability of controlling the coating property of the bottom anti-reflective coating in the ground substrate at the periphery of a hole, a high absorbance with respect to light and radiation ray when a bottom anti-reflective coating is applied with a uniform film thickness is carried out, and a high degree of planarization independent of the irregular shape of the substrate. However, it is difficult to use the organic bottom anti-reflective coating material as a bottom anti-reflective coating material for the dual damascene process.
Consequently, it is conceivable that the process may use two layers of: an inorganic or organic bottom anti-reflective coating having a high absorbance with respect to that of light or radiation ray; and a gap-filling material for lithography for obtaining planarization. The gap-filling material for lithography described herein is a gap-filling material, i.e., a filler or a planarizing material. The advantage of such a process is to provide a high resolution in the step of lithography and to increase an etching selectivity with a base substrate in the step of etching. The gap-filling material for lithography planarizes the irregularities of the substrate. Simultaneously, it has a high etching rate because of containing no compound having an absorbance. Therefore, a high etching selectivity with a resist can be attained in the step of etching.
The required characteristics of the gap-filling material for lithography include an insolubility to a resist solvent (no occurrence of intermixing with a resist layer), no low-molecular substance diffused from the bottom anti-reflective coating material into a top-coat resist at the time of coating or at the time of heat-drying, a high dry etching rate as compared with that of the resist, the ability to planarize the substrate having a large aspect ratio (height/diameter; irregularity), and so on. The development of a gap-filling material for lithography that satisfies all of the above requirements has been desired.
That is, an object of the present invention is to provide a composition for forming a gap-filling material for lithography to be used in a damascene process, having an excellent property of planarizing a substrate surface having irregularities such as holes and trenches, no mixing with a resist layer, forming excellent resist pattern and large dry etching rate as compared with that of a resist, and also

2. Description of the Prior Art
The continuing trend of scaling down integrated circuits has forced the semiconductor industry to consider new techniques for fabricating precise components at sub-micron levels. Along with the need for smaller components, there has been a growing demand for capacitors having increased capacitance and reduced feature widths.
With respect to dynamic memory devices, storage node capacitor cell plates must be sufficiently large to retain an adequate charge. This is particularly significant when taking device noise and parasitic effects into account. As density of semiconductor devices, such as DRAM arrays, has continued to increase with industry trends, the issue of maintaining storage node capacitance has grown in importance.
In light of the above demands, several techniques have been proposed to increase the capacitance of capacitors without effecting the cell area. These techniques have included utilizing trench and stacked capacitor structures, as well as new dielectric material having increased dielectric constants
Another approach for increasing capacitance while reducing feature size known in the art is the formation of roughened polysilicon film, such as hemispherical grained (HSG) polysilicon, as a capacitor storage node. Fundamentally, by relying on roughened polysilicon, a larger surface area is formed for the same planar area that is available for the capacitor. Given the advantages of enhanced capacitance, selective hemispherical grained (S-HSG) polysilicon has been widely employed in storage node processing of DRAM fabrication. This S-HSG structure is utilized to increase surface areas of lower electrode plate (usually polysilicon) so that the electrode layout can be shrunk as well as the whole chip size.
Formation of an S-HSG node typically includes S-HSG growth, in-diffusion (annealing), and dielectric (e.g. ONO, oxide-nitride-oxide) depositions. Cleaning in-between the main process steps is additionally applied as required. However, since S-HSG is quite sensitive to cleaning procedures, defects are easily made during such treatments, and thus influence electrical yield of the product. One solution known to minimize the defects is the adaptation of so-called in-situ (performed HSG process without leaving the same chamber) fabrication.
In case in-situ (one-chamber) process was not accessible by the existing facilities, conventional multi-furnaces (ex-situ process) would be used. The ex-situ S-HSG process normally includes some wet cleaning steps (e.g.

It is an object of the present invention to provide a hitch receiver, a hitch extension coupling and a shock absorbing bar to connect a tractor vehicle to a trailer, that allows the trailer to be towed by a short bed type vehicle.
A further object of the present invention is to provide a hitch coupling for a trailer that moves the pivot axis of the trailer rearwardly of the tractor vehicle while maintaining the load point of the trailer forward of the tractor vehicle""s rear axles.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an extension coupling that allows the towing of a fifth-wheel travel trailer by a short bed pick-up truck in a safe manner.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a receiver, an extension coupling and a pitch absorber that allows a short bed pick-up truck to be used to tow a fifth-wheel trailer with diminished risk of damage to either during the towing operation.
Another object is to provide an appropriate hitch receiver for the hitch extension coupling.
Another object is to provide a pitch-absorbing bar to restrict extreme movement of the vehicles.
To accomplish these objects an extension coupling is provided that is adapted to releasably interconnect the trailer to a tow hitch that is located on the tractor vehicle. This extension coupling includes a mount that is adapted to be secured to the trailer, and an elongated arm that has a proximal end portion pivotally secured to the mount, and a distal end portion opposite the proximal end portion. A universal joint with lateral pins is attached to the distal end portion and is adapted to releasably mate with the tow hitch. This allows the trailer to be displaced rearwardly of the tow hitch a distance equal to the length of the elongated arm while at the same time maintaining the loading point on a tractor vehicle forward of the rear axle.
A mount is adapted to be secured to a hitch connecting station on the receiver that has a base plate and a pair of opposed side plates, which are oriented to be fastened to mounting plates that depend downwardly from the front of the trailer. Two cylinders extend down from the base plate of the inner cylinder. They are rigidly secured to the mount. The elongated arm includes a receiver adapted to rotatably receive the truck-mounted hitch. The arm may be structured as a housing, which includes a top wall, a bottom wall opposed to the top wall, and a surrounding sidewall. The arm may be telescoping to adjust the length of the arm.
A universal joint assembly is also provided with

In general, software technology that provides a service of a large-capacity collective memory is used for the purpose of improving efficiency of whole data processing by reducing input/output processing times in a system when there is an explosive increase in the volume of a memory used in a high-performance computing environment requiring real time/semi-real time centralized data processing.
The software technology providing the large-capacity collective memory service can be classified into three access methods according to a characteristic of a memory technologically provided on a system memory layer architecture.
A first method is to achieve magnification of a small-capacity off-chip memory (e.g., a DRAM) itself. This method is characterized in depending on new hardware as an access method to solve a problem of a size while maintaining the performance of an existing system memory. Further, a multi-node system (e.g., a cluster system and a cloud system) is limitative in that the large-capacity collective memory service cannot be extended to all memory layers of the system but confined to a node region.
A second method is to add a new large-capacity collective memory layer capable of reducing an access time interval between an off-chip memory layer and a storage device layer depending on a hardware characteristic. In general, an existing method is the technology that provides a new large-capacity swap memory layer interworking with an in-system swap mechanism (e.g., TeraMem) and can also be applied to even the multi-node system. However, this memory layer causes a processor of a single node using the corresponding large-capacity collective memory service to have a load of a context exchange caused due to a swap and has a problem in maintaining a share mechanism layer apart from the memory layer when a processor managed for each node intends to share the memory as the memory in the multi-node system. As technology similar thereto, there is a method (e.g., vSMP Foundation of ScaleMP) of collecting nodes of the multi-node system, virtualizing the nodes as single abstractive hardware and driving a single system image on a virtual system. This method is advantageous in providing a single memory viewpoint similarly to an existing system by collectively virtualizing memory resources of multiple nodes, but limitative in system extensibility due to a large load depending on virtualization.
A third method as a method for improving an access time itself of a storage device corresponds to disk cache technology (e.g., MVP of RNA networks) as the multi-node system. This method as a

Moreover, the art lacks portable and easy-to-use monitoring methods and systems that provide objective and quantitative data on cough and, for cough during sleep, accompanying EEG arousals. In the inventor(s) experience, no portable device has heretofore demonstrated an ability to recognize coughs and to monitor cough frequency or to provide concurrent cough and EEG data. Although a number of portable devices for assessing daytime and night time cough have been reported, none has been reported to assess night time cough together with its influence on sleep architecture as revealed by electroencephalography (EEG). See, e.g., Cox et al., 1984, An electromyographic method of objectively assessing cough intensity and use of the method to assess effects of codeine on the dose-response curve to citric acid. British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology 18: 377-382, 1984; Munyard et al., 1994, A new device for ambulatory cough recording. Pediatric Pulmonology 18: 178-186, 1994; and Subburaj et al., 1996, Methods of recording and analyzing cough sounds. Pulmonary Pharmacology 9: 269-279, 1996.
Considerable confusion in the art has resulted from this lack of objective methods and systems for monitoring cough and sleep. On one hand, it has been previously reported that sleep suppresses cough. See, e.g., Hsu et al., Coughing frequency in patients with persistent cough: assessment using a 24 hour ambulatory recorder. European Respiratory Journal 7: 1246-1253, 1994. Studies from EEG laboratories have reported that cough is almost completely absent in stage 3 and 4 sleep (deep sleep) and is further not thought to be accompanied by night time awakenings. See, e.g., Power et al., 1984, Nocturnal cough in patients with chronic bronchitis and emphysema. American Review of Respiratory Disease 130: 999-1001, 1984. On the other hand, it has also been reported that the nocturnal cough and wheezing associated with asthma may impact sleep quality. In the study of Selby et al., 1997, Inhaled salmeterol or oral theophylline in nocturnal asthma? American Journal of Respiratory & Critical Care Medicine 155: 104-108, 1997, patients either received 50 μg salmeterol or individually dose-titrated sustained-release oral theophylline. Post salmeterol treatment, patients reported an improved quality of life. The authors did observe fewer nocturnal arousals, but they did not indicate whether

Apparatus and method for forming tubular tapered shafts.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In the past, attempts have been made to mold a tubular tapered shaft by pressure in an annulus shaped space defined between the interior surface of an elongate tubular shell and the exterior surface of an elongate tapered core. In this process as disclosed in the Robert F. Pigg U.S. Pat. No. 2,768,921 entitled Method of Molding Tapered Rods that issued Oct. 30, 1956 the resulting tapered tubular shaft is of poor quality as no means are provided to maintain the core and shell in true concentric relationship with one another. Furthermore, in the Pigg method the entire annulus shaped space is filled with a resin impregnated glass cloth, and this cloth remaining stationary relative to the shell as the resin polymerizes. The core in the Pigg method moves longitudinally relative to the resin impregnated material in the annulus space, and as a result the interior portion of the Pigg tubular shaft is strong and the exterior portion weak.
This strength of the inner portion of the Pigg tubular shaft is due to at least a portion of the fibers of the glass cloth being pre-tensioned prior to polymerization of the resin due to movement of the core relative to the shell. The outer portion of the Pigg tubular shaft is weak due to the resin impregnated material remaining stationary relative to the shell and there accordingly being no pre-tensioning of the glass fibers therein. Pre-tensioning of the maximum amount of fibers in the polymerized resin is necessary if the finished tubular shaft is to have substantial strength, for it is these pre-tensioned fibers that absorb the major portion of the load when the tubular shaft is flexed transversely as occurs when the shaft is used in a golf club or fishing rod.
If the resin enveloping untensioned fibers is more elastic than the fibers, the resin at the initial flexing of the tubular shaft will take all of the load, and may deform as a result thereof to the extent that it will permanently separate from the fibers. Subsequent flexing of the tubular shaft will cause relative movement between the resin and fibers, and the fibers being of a harder material will cut through the resin to contact adjacently disposed fibers. The breaking of the bonds between the fibers and resin to permit the above described cutting action as the shaft flexes results in rapid deterioration of the shaft which is evidenced by cracks and other physical imper

Mead (1971; J. Gen. Microbiol., 67: 47) describes the pattern of amino acids intake in several Clostridium species during its growth, classifying them into groups according to their nutritional needs. In the aforementioned study, Clostridium histolyticum is considered capable of fermenting amino acids, and is sub-classified in the so called Group II (C. botulinum; C. histolyticum; C. cochlearium; C. subterminale). Even though serine, glutamine, glycine and valine are the main amino acids used by these species, their addition in culture medium produces no or little effect on the bacterial growth. However, substitution of partial casein hydrolysate by casamino acids significantly increases the observed bacterial growth rate (culture medium used: vitamins, inorganic salts, tryptophan, cysteine hydrochloride, casamino acids—2 g/L or casein hydrolysate—3% w/v and meat extract). Unfortunately, the author did not analyze the protease production.
More frequent than the amino acids intake, glucose intake as energy source for several microorganisms has been well documented. Particularly, for C. histolyticum the addition of glucose (and other sugars) has been correlated with a decrease in bacterial growth rate (Mead, 1971). Thus despite being initially classified as saccharolytic species, due to their ability to metabolize carbohydrates as energy source, several strains of C. histolyticum are inefficient fermenters of simple sugars such as glucose, maltose, among others. Moreover, a decrease in growth rate is even more prominent when culturing C. histolyticum under aerobic conditions in media containing glucose, suggesting the existence of two inhibiting factors: sugars and oxygen/air.
Not only does glucose negatively influence bacterial growth, it has also been reported that glucose containing media decrease protease expression in Clostridium cultures (C. difficile, for example). This observation suggests that there is a relationship between repression of toxin expression and the composition of culture medium with rapidly consumable carbon sources.
As discussed previously, Clostridium bacterial growth rate and protein expression are affected by nutritional requirements as well as the maintenance of an anaerobic environment. C. histolyticum tolerates few amounts of oxygen, as observed to other anaerobes and also other species of the genus, being considered an aerotolerant microorganism. Despite this, minimal conditions of anaerobiosis must be assured for growth and production of collagenolytic and gelatinolytic protease by C

Another embodiment of the method, the step of actuating a plate roll capturing knob assembly to lock the printing press cylinder roll with respect to the adjustment arm assemblies comprises: (i) turning a capture knob on the right adjustable arm assembly to force a plunger into the right end of the printing press cylinder roll; and (ii) forcing a left end of the printing press cylinder roll to engage a catch formed in the left adjustable arm assembly.
Another embodiment of the method may include, before the steps of positioning the right end of a printing press cylinder roll in the right adjustment arm assembly and positioning the left end of the printing press cylinder roll in the left adjustment arm assembly, the step of: raising automatically the right and left adjustment arm assemblies to a cylinder roll loading position. Further, the step of automatically raising the right and left adjustment arm assemblies may involve actuating the left and right adjustable arm assemblies simultaneously.
The method may also include: (e) replacing the printing press cylinder roll with a second printing press cylinder roll. Further, the step of replacing the printing press cylinder roll may be automated. In addition, the method could also additionally include: (f) adjusting the second printing press cylinder roll with respect to the at least one roll in the printing press.
An embodiment of the method may also include: (e) establishing automatically a predetermined clearance between the printing press cylinder roll and the at least one roll of the printing press. Further, the step of establishing automatically a predetermined clearance between the printing press cylinder roll and the at least one roll of the printing press may include: (i) engaging a disengagement mechanism to lock the right and left adjustment arm assemblies in the loaded position; and (ii) activating an adjustment arm raising mechanism to push the right and left adjustment arms assemblies towards the insertion position to attain the predetermined clearance. In addition, the predetermined clearance is between about 0.00001xe2x80x3 and about 0.01xe2x80x3.
Another embodiment of the method may include: (e) establishing automatically a predetermined clearance between the printing press cylinder roll and the at least one roll of the printing press; and (f) fine-tuning the orientation of the printing press cylinder roll with respect to the at least one roll in the printing press. Further, the step of fine-tuning the orientation of the printing press cylinder roll with respect to the at least one roll in the printing press may include: turning a rod engaged with a disengagement mechanism and a movable plate of one of the adjustable

Furthermore, a simulated moving bed mode of processes has heretofore been, in general, used to fractionate components contained in a gas or liquid into two fractions. Thus, it has heretofore been considered difficult to fractionate a fluid containing at least three components into at least three fractions.
The inventors of the present invention have already proposed a method capable of separating at least three components without spoiling the excellent separability performance of the simulated moving bed mode by improving on the conventional technology of the simulated moving bed, which has heretofore been considered as being aimed at two, or twin, component systems as an object of separation.
Specifically, Japanese Patent Application No. 402,826/1990, which was proposed by the inventors of the present invention, discloses a process for fractional separation of a fluid mixture comprising a number of components into three or more components, which process is carried out in a system wherein a number of bed units packed with an adsorbent are linked with each other in endless, or continuous, series in such a way as to form a circulatory channel capable of circulation and shutoff, and wherein a fluid feed, or mixture, comprising three or more components having mutually different affinities for the adsorbent is flowed through said number of the packed bed units to form adsorption zones of the respective components separated from each other in the serial order of the weak to strong affinities thereof for the adsorbent; and which process comprises repeating a cycle comprising the step (1) of shutting off fluid circulation of said system at the shut-off position and feeding the fresh fluid feed into the system at a position downstream of the shutoff position while withdrawing from the system a fraction enriched with a component having an intermediate affinity for the adsorbent (predetermined component) selected from components present in adsorption zones located upstream of the shut-off position; and the step (2) of separately withdrawing enriched fractions of the respective components from the adsorption zones from which the predetermined component has not been withdrawn in the step (1) by feeding a fluid desorbent into the system from the upstream side of the adsorption zones with sequentially shifting the position of feeding the fluid desorbent and the positions of withdrawing enriched fractions, corresponding to the migration of the respective adsorption zones, in the downstream direction of circulation, while circulating the internal fluid throughout the system and feeding no fresh fluid feed into the system.
By the way, one characteristic of the above-proposed process is having the step of feeding the fluid feed while shutting off at least one position of the circulation system. The authors of the present invention

2. Related Background Art
Conventionally, when a mobile station selects a cell as a reselection target, the mobile station measures a received level of a signal from a base station currently under communication therewith or a base station of a cell where the mobile station is camped, and received levels from base stations of neighboring cells. The mobile station compares the received levels and selects as a target cell a cell with the maximum received level from its base station, based on the result of the comparison (e.g., reference is made to Patent Document 1 and Patent Document 2).
The conventional cell selection method will be briefly described below with reference to FIG. 1. As shown in FIG. 1, mobile station 10 is camped on a cell C0 established by base station B0, and cells C1, C2, and C3 exist as cells neighbor to the cell C0. Mobile station 10 receives broadcast information M0 from base station B0 to acknowledge the existence of neighboring cells C1, C2, and C3. The broadcast information M0 is transmitted and received through a common broadcast channel or through a control channel individually dedicated to mobile station 10.
Mobile station 10 measures a received level L0 from base station B0, and received levels L1, L2, and L3 from the respective base stations B1, B2, and B3 forming the neighboring cells C1, C2, and C3. Thereafter, mobile station 10 compares the received level L0 with those L1, L2, and L3 and determines the propriety of a cell reselection. The comparison of the received levels is made, for example, using the following conditions (1) and (2).max(Li)=max(L1, L2, L3)  (1)max(Li)>L0+ΔL  (2)
Here max(argument 1, argument 2, . . . ) represents a function that gives a maximum argument among argument 1, argument 2, . . . Furthermore, L0 indicates the received level of the serving cell and ΔL a reselection hysteresis value.
When condition (2) becomes true, mobile station 10 selects a neighboring cell corresponding to max(Li) as a target cell and implements a reselection of the cell. On the other hand, when condition (2) does not become true, mobile station 10 implements no cell reselection.
[Patent Document 1] Japanese Patent No. 3233854
[Patent Document 2

This invention relates to a system and method for verifying the authenticity of a bank check at the time the check is presented for deposit or cashing, by comparing both the account data and the individualized payee data appearing on the face of the check with account data and individualized payee data added to the check, at the time the check was issued. A positive comparison comprises the content of the first and second sets of data being identical, and results in a verification of authenticity of the check and an authorization to pay, while the detection of any differences between the first and second sets of data will result in a non-verification signal being communicated to the site where the check is presented for deposit or cashing.
2. Description of the Related Art
As early as 1993, the American Bankers Association and the National Retail Federation sponsored an inter-industry task force, known as the Bank Check Fraud Task Force, for the purpose of examining a variety of possible solutions to the ever increasing problem associated with check fraud. The task force developed, among other solutions, a data sharing program for closed accounts. This program is designed to prevent people, who have outstanding checks due to retailers, from opening new accounts. For example, participating financial institutions report all checking accounts closed, for cause, to a central data base called Checks Systems. This central data base transmits the closed account information to the shared check authorization network (SCAN) data base. Participating banks use the SCAN information before opening new accounts, to detect repeat offenders. A participating bank can also use MICR information from a check presented with the applicant's driver's license number to check the SCAN file for any previous bad account activity.
Other attempts to solve the problems of check fraud include electronic check presentment, which is an electronic/paper method of expediting check collection. Participating banks exchange check payment information before physically presenting the checks for payment. The depository bank captures payment information from the MICR line of incoming checks and immediately transmits the information electronically to the paying bank. Later, the depository bank sends the actual check according to its normal paper deadline. During check posting, the paying bank identifies checks that should be returned and immediately notifies the depository bank. Supporters of this system believe that it speeds up processing, controls cost and reduces fraud by providing early notification of return items.
Another preventative measure directed to the avoiding of losses from fraudulent check presentation includes “positive pay”, which allows a company and its bank to work together to detect check fraud by identifying items

It can readily be seen that the task of loading successive rounds of ammunition into a magazine is one which requires some care and manual dexterity. This is particularly true on cold days when a person's fingers are numb, or are enclosed in a glove or mitten, in a situation (such as military combat) when speed in reloading may be of the essence.
A number of devices exists which are adapted to assist the marksman in accomplishing this task. In particular U.S. Pat. No. 4,446,645 issued to Kelsey on May 8, 1984, U S. Pat. No. 4,413,437 issued to Anderson on Nov. 8, 1983, and U.S. Pat. No. 4,452,002 issued to Musgrave, on June 5, 1984, describe various forms of magazines which are adapted for easy loading. Each of these inventions is designed to provide a more satisfactory form of ammunition magazine or clip but do not realistically solve the problems encountered by fitting a round of ammunition into the magazine or cartridge opening.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,464,855, issued to Musgrave on Aug. 14, 1984, teaches a device somewhat useful in solving the above described problem. It teaches a slidably attached apparatus which is adapted with a pulling handle and a protrusion which is adapted to push a round of ammunition down into the magazine for insertion of the next round. After each successive round of ammunition is loaded into the magazine the apparatus must be removed from the magazine and reinserted for the next round. While it does facilitate in solving this problem, the requirement of removal and reinsertion makes its use somewhat tedious.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,689,909, issued to Howard on Sept. 1, 1987, teaches a device which can he fitted over an ammunition magazine. It is adapted with a spring loaded plunger which, when the device is fitted over the magazine and somehow held in place, is used to push the uppermost round down into the magazine to facilitate sliding in the next round. Then the plunger, which is spring loaded, is depressed and the cartridge is fitted all the way into the back of the magazine. Howard is also somewhat helpful, but difficulties may be encountered in holding the device in place against the magazine. It should also be noted that both Howard and Musgrave are, because of their structure, primarily useful only in magazines over a narrow range of sizes.
What is missing in the prior art

Whether measured in terms of variety, volume, or value of transactions, the market for commercial real estate information is vast. In 1998, the U.S. commercial real estate market had: hundreds of thousand of leasing transactions, with an aggregate value of more than $200 billion, and had tens of thousands of sales transactions, with an aggregate value of $285 billion. In the same year, lenders, provided tens of thousands of commercial real estate loans, with an aggregate net value of more than $110 billion, according to the Federal Reserve Board. F. W. Dodge reports that during 1998, construction commenced on 766 million square feet of commercial properties with an aggregate value of $52 billion. Finally, vendors made $10 billion in sales to tenants who were moving to new facilities, according to the Corporate Realty Design and Management Institute.
Despite its enormous size, the real estate industry in many ways is a backwater. In the current market, real estate brokers perform various functions. To begin with, individuals, institutions, and owner/users buy and sell buildings. The aggregate sales value of commercial properties sold in the United States in one year is about $285 billion, according to a Federal Reserve estimate. Most transactions occur through the use of a commercial real estate broker, whose job is to list the asset for sale, disseminate the correct information, respond to questions and requests for specific information, attempt to create an auction atmosphere, and complete and close a sale. Brokers typically receive between 1% and 6% of the sales value of the property, with the lower commission rates corresponding to higher sales values.
Below a level of, about, $5 million, sales are typically locally sourced to local users or individuals or small institutions. Beyond $5 million and, more acutely, past $10 million, the market becomes more regional as the buyer base narrows. Above $25 million, the market becomes institutional in the sense that the potential buyers are REITs, pension funds, advisors, or corporations. At this level the market becomes national and, to some extent, international. It is critically important to limit the dissemination of information in this context.
In addition, every building that is not owner occupied must be leased. Brokers usually take one side of the transaction as either the listing broker or the tenant rep. Listing brokers list the space for the property owner and attempt to drum up interest in the space with flyers and information packages. Brokers also typically specialize in a type of property and in a region

Computing systems often include one or more host computers (“hosts”) for processing data and running application programs, direct access storage devices (DASDs) for storing data, and a storage controller for controlling the transfer of data between the hosts and the DASD. Storage controllers, also referred to as control units or storage directors, manage access to a storage space comprised of numerous hard disk drives connected in a loop architecture, otherwise referred to as a Direct Access Storage Device (DASD). Hosts may communicate Input/Output (I/O) requests to the storage space through the storage controller.
In many systems, data on one storage device, such as a DASD, may be copied to the same or another storage device so that access to data volumes can be provided from two different devices. A point-in-time copy involves physically copying all the data from source volumes to target volumes so that the target volume has a copy of the data as of a point-in-time. A point-in-time copy can also be made by logically making a copy of the data and then only copying data over when necessary, in effect deferring the physical copying. This logical copy operation is performed to minimize the time during which the target and source volumes are inaccessible.
One such logical copy operation is known as FlashCopy® (FlashCopy is a registered trademark of International Business Machines, Corp. or “IBM”). FlashCopy® involves establishing a logical point-in-time relationship between source and target volumes on different devices. The FlashCopy function guarantees that until a track in a FlashCopy relationship has been hardened to its location on the target disk, the track resides on the source disk. A relationship table is used to maintain information on all existing FlashCopy relations in the subsystem. During the establish phase of a FlashCopy relationship, one entry is recorded in the source and target relationship tables for the source and target that participate in the FlashCopy being established. Each added entry maintains all the required information concerning the FlashCopy relation. Both entries for the relationship are removed from the relationship tables when all FlashCopy tracks from the source extent have been copied to the target extents or when a withdraw command is received.
The target relationship table further includes a bitmap that identifies which tracks involved in the FlashCopy relationship have not yet been copied over and are thus protected tracks. Each track in the target device is represented by one bit in the bitmap. The target bit is set when the corresponding track is established as a target track of a FlashCopy relationship

The present invention relates generally to forms used for covering plumbing drain lines. In particular, the present invention discloses a molded and plasticized form (such as may also be constructed of foam) which is secured over a rough-in area in which a plumbing drain line, prior to the pouring of a cement floor, and which isolates the upwardly angled drain line from the encircling cement and prevents the concrete from encroaching within the rough-in area.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The prior art is documented with examples of protection devices and schemes for use with protecting and providing access to floor drain lines and the like. One known example is the construction of boxes, composed of assembled 2″×4″ wooden studs, and constructed so as to be placed over a roughed-in floor drain area. The rough-in 2″×4″ construction is normally used in order to isolate and protect the rough-in drain at the time of the pouring of a concrete (or cement) floor, and such as is typically used for bathtub, whirlpool, shower and mop sink rough-in drain lines and floor drains.
While providing a somewhat effective solution for isolating and protecting a roughed-in floor drain, such 2″×4″ stud constructions suffer from a number of shortcomings, including having to be forcibly disassembled from the encircling poured concrete. The result of this is typically lost time on the jobsite and the inconvenience of manually fashioning such stud constructions.
Other examples drawn from the prior art include Jacobus, U.S. Pat. No. 5,399,050, and which teaches a plastic concrete form for footers including a thermoplastic sidewall, which forms one surface of a concrete form. The sidewall incorporates a drainage tile as an integral unit and two of the sidewalls combined can provide a form for a concrete footer to be poured and which will remain a permanent part of the structure.
Harbeke, U.S. Pat. No. 4,823,527, teaches a plumbing concrete form accessory which includes a relatively large hollow displacement member having a hole in a wall thereof and defining a sleeve about the hole for snugly fitting the outside surface of a pipe. A dissolving type of adhesive is used to adhere the sleeve adjacent a first end of the pipe and a second end of the pipe is mounted to a concrete form by means of a slidable flange which is also adhered to the outside surface of the pipe.
Corn

In 1983-1984, three groups independently identified the suspected etiological agent of AIDS. See, e.g., Barre-Sinoussi et al. (1983) Science 220:868-871; Montagnier et al., in Human T-Cell Leukemia Viruses (Gallo, Essex & Gross, eds., 1984); Vilmer et al. (1984) The Lancet 1:753; Popovic et al. (1984) Science 224:497-500; Levy et al. (1984) Science 225:840-842. These isolates were variously called lymphadenopathy-associated virus (LAV), human T-cell lymphotropic virus type III (HTLV-III), or AIDS-associated retrovirus (ARV). All of these isolates are strains of the same virus, and were later collectively named Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV). With the isolation of a related AIDS-causing virus, the strains originally called HIV are now termed HIV-1 and the related virus is called HIV-2 See, e.g., Guyader et al. (1987) Nature 326:662-669; Brun-Vezinet et al. (1986) Science 233:343-346; Clavel et al. (1986) Nature 324:691-695.
A great deal of information has been gathered about the HIV virus, however, to date an effective vaccine has not been identified. Several targets for vaccine development have been examined including the env and Gag gene products encoded by HIV. Gag gene products include, but are not limited to, Gag-polymerase and Gag-protease. Env gene products include, but are not limited to, monomeric gp120 polypeptides, oligomeric gp140 polypeptides and gp160 polypeptides.
Haas, et al., (Current Biology 6(3):315-324, 1996) suggested that selective codon usage by HIV-1 appeared to account for a substantial fraction of the inefficiency of viral protein synthesis. Andre, et al., (J. Virol. 72(2):1497-1503, 1998) described an increased immune response elicited by DNA vaccination employing a synthetic gp120 sequence with modified codon usage. Schneider, et al., (J Virol. 71(7):4892-4903, 1997) discuss inactivation of inhibitory (or instability) elements (INS) located within the coding sequences of the Gag and Gag-protease coding sequences.
The Gag

U.S. Pat. No. 5,126,111—dated Jun. 30, 1992, discloses a method of removing, reducing or detoxifying organic pollutants from a fluid, water or air, by contacting the fluid with a photoreactive metal semiconductor material in the presence of ultraviolet light of a wavelength to activate the photoreactive material. This is improved by simultaneously contacting the photoreactive material with a substance that accepts electrons and thus inhibits hole-electron recombination. Such substance will be such as to readily accept electrons either from the conduction band or from superoxide ions, and to rapidly dissociate into harmless products.
Still other photoreactors are described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,567,921; 3,769,517; 3,924,246; 4,296,066; 4,381,978; 4,454,835; 4,488,935; 4,544,470; 4,774,026; 4,863,608; 4,868,127; 4,957,773; 5,045,288; 5,094,815; and 5,149,377.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,439,652 (Sczechowski, et al.) issued on Aug. 8, 1995 states that a Beer's law type expression was found for the transmitted light as a function of the TiO2loading. From this relationship, the calculated light penetration depth for the 0.4% (by weight) Degussa TiO2 slurry used in these experiments was approximately 1 mm.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,994,705 (Cooke, et al) issued on Nov. 30, 1999 is a continuation of U.S. application Ser. No. 08/946,647, filed on Oct. 7, 1997 now U.S. Pat. No. 5,866,910 which is a continuation of U.S. application Ser. No. 08/438,234, filed on May 9, 1995, now U.S. Pat. No. 5,696,380 discloses a flow-through photochemical reactor includes a reactor body, which circumscribes a longitudinally extending channel having a generally annular cross section. This channel accommodates fluids passing between an inner wall of the reactor body and an outer wall of a photon-transmitting tube that is housed internally thereof. In addition, the reactor includes mechanically static, fluid-dynamic elements for passively inducing substantial turbulent flow within

Discharge vehicle light sources are known in the art and are conventionally called xenon lamps. These discharge light sources are being used with increasing degree of penetration into the vehicle lighting market because of the advantageous benefits of higher luminous intensity, higher brightness, as well as lower power consumption as a result of the extremely high efficacy of the discharge lamps.
One downside of the xenon lamps is associated with the high cost of the lighting system. By way of the lighting system, a lighting system according to this disclosure includes the lamp, the headlamp unit (reflector, lenses, etc.), and the driving electronics of the lamp. The increased cost associated with discharge light sources has limited the penetration of these types of lamps into the mid-priced and low-priced vehicle classes. In part, an effective discharge headlamp assembly must be capable of performing multiple tasks or operating in multiple modes with a single unit. Some solutions provide for separate light sources between low beam and high beam applications or functions. More recently, so-called bi-xenon headlamp units perform low beam and high beam functions by applying a single xenon lamp system and mechanically switching the headlamp system architecture so that a change from a cut-off free high beam operation mode to a low beam operation mode with beam cut-off occurs.
U.S. Pat. No. 7,029,155 teaches a motor vehicle headlight that enables at least two functions to be obtained with a single structure, namely a daytime running light (DRL) function/mode and an infrared beam function/mode. Particularly, a reflector receives light from a high intensity discharge light source and directs the light in a beam where a filter is selectively positioned in the light path or light beam. The filter ensures sufficiently high absorption and spreading of the light beam. Thus, the headlight assembly operates in a first mode without the filter, and then operates in a second mode when the filter is situated in the light path. In a third mode of operation, an infrared filter is selectively disposed in the light path so that only an infrared beam is delivered.
In other instances, a separate incandescent light source is used to provide high beam operation while the high intensity discharge operation is provided for low beam operation. Alternately, the incandescent light source has been proposed as an auxiliary light source and located either inside or outside the headlamp unit to perform DRL operation mode. It will be appreciated that the use of a separate incandescent light source, whether incorporated within the head

Polyvinyl chloride has enjoyed widespread use for molding various products because of its low cost and ability to be compounded with a variety of additives to obtain plastics having a wide range of physical properties and thus to satisfy a wide variety of needs. Most polyvinyl chloride is processed by calendaring, by extruding or by compression molding. The injection molding process, which gives better product uniformity, and higher automation capability, became practical for polyvinyl chloride with the advent of screw injection molding machines. Injection molding operates by forcing a molten plastic composition under high shear through a small orifice into a cold mold and then allowing the plastic to cool to a solid. The pressure used during injection molding may be about 20,000 pounds per square inch (1406 kilograms per centimeter) under mold pressures of 1-5 tons/in.sup.2 (1.57-7.87 kilograms per square mm). In a screw injection molding machine, pellets of the plastic composition are fed into the feed end of the screw where the plastic is melted and thoroughly mixed and forced through a nozzle at the discharge end which injects the molten material into the mold. When the plastic has solidified, the mold is opened and the molded part removed.
Polyvinyl chloride injection molding compositions are known which are more than adequate for forming most articles; however, known molding compositions are inadequate when large articles having very fine details are to be made. For example, Clemens in U.S. Pat. No. 3,842,194 has described a 12 inch (30.5 cm) diameter information disc having a spiral groove with a pitch of from 5,000-10,000 grooves per inch (1,968-3,937 grooves per centimeter) which has video information in the form of a surface relief pattern in the groove. The pattern elements are very small, on the order of sub-micron dimensions. Color and audio information are also part of the complex information pattern. Such discs have conventionally been made by compression molding, which requires separate steps of fabricating the molding composition and pelletizing it, remelting to form a preform of the desired size and finally molding the material under pressure in a hot mold and cooling to solidify the plastic. Attempts to prepare a molding composition from which a video disc can be injection molded have failed heretofore because fidelity of the information pattern could not be maintained along the whole surface of the disc. In particular, the molten plastic, which was injected into the center of a cool mold, tended to harden before

Certain photolithography parameters, e.g., the variation of critical dimension (“CD”) printed with pitch, otherwise sometimes referred to as Optical Proximity Effect (OPE), e.g., in a scanner imaging system, shows a behavior that is characteristic of the imaging and process conditions and is sensitive to variations in those conditions. Maintaining stable process conditions can improve the effectiveness of mask Optical Proximity Correction (OPC). One of the factors which affects the OPE is the spectral bandwidth of the light source. To date, passive bandwidth stabilization techniques have been effective in meeting OPE control requirements. However, future tighter OPE specifications will require advanced bandwidth control techniques. According to aspects of an embodiment of the disclosed subject matter applicants propose developments in active stabilization of bandwidth, e.g., in single chambered laser systems, such as applicants' assignee's Cymer 7XXX laser systems, e.g., the 7010 and/or in dual chamber laser systems, e.g., master oscillator and amplifier gain medium laser systems such as master oscillator-power amplifier (“MOPA”) such as Cymer XLA 1XX, 2XX or 3XX laser systems or master oscillator power oscillator (“MOPO”) laser systems.
The recent work of Huggins et al., “Effects of laser bandwidth on OPE in a modern lithography tool.”, Optical Microlithography XVIII (2006), describes how controlling the spectral properties of the laser light, specifically E95 bandwidth, has an effect of similar magnitude to those from other control parameters, such as focus shift, dose shift and partial coherence shift. The bandwidth metric, E95, is defined as the width of the spectrum (typically in picometers) that contains 95% of the integrated spectral intensity. A second bandwidth metric that is commonly employed is the Full Width at Half-Maximum (FWHM), which, although easier to measure than E95, does not affect OPE as significantly.
To date, as noted, passive bandwidth stabilization techniques have been effective in meeting OPE control requirements. However, applicants believe that future tighter OPE specifications will require active control techniques to not only improve the stability of E95 bandwidth, but also regulate E95 bandwidth to a desired setpoint (i.e., within a selected very narrow range. FIG. 6 by way of example relates the concepts of stability and setpoint regulation to those of passive and active control. The left most plot (Nominal) depicts the E95 variability versus time as a system baseline. The

Class II gaming is very important and there is a strong desire for Class II games. Among other things, the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. §2701 et. seq.) provides that an Indian tribe may engage in Class II gaming where the state in which it is located permits similar games and such gaming is not otherwise specifically prohibited on Indian lands by Federal law. 25 U.S.C. §2710(b)(1)(A). Thus, in accordance with this Act, though Class III gaming may be prohibited in certain locations, at those same locations, Class II games may be permitted. As a result, there is a substantial desire to produce, and a substantial demand for, Class II games.
Of course, the definition of Class II gaming is limited, and does not, even under the above-referenced exemption, allow the offering of slot, video poker and similar Class III games which are very popular. In order to make Class II gaming more exciting, many have sought ways to display the outcome of a Class II game as an additional entertaining event, such as a simulated Class III type game event.
As one attempt to create a Class II game having an outcome displayed as an event such as a Class III type game, Class II games have been developed where the outcome of the bingo game is displayed as a slot machine outcome. Table I below details an example mapping of bingo game outcomes to slot game results.
TABLE IBingoPrizePatternValueSlot DisplayDescription1500R7-R7-R73 Red Sevens2250W7-W7-W73 White Sevens3100A7-A7-A7Any 3 Red or White Sevens4503B-3B-3B3 Triple Bars5302B-2B-2B3 Double Bars6201B-1B-1B3 Single Bars7103 CH3 Cherries85Any 3 1B, 2B or 3BAny 3 Single Double or TripleBar95Any 2 R7Any 2 Red Sevens104Any 2 CHAny 2 Cherries113Any 1 R7Any 1 Red Seven122Any 1 CHAny 1 Cherry
In accordance with this arrangement, if a player receives a bingo game winning outcome, such as Bingo Pattern No. 1 (this pattern might comprise, for example, a match of the number at all four corners of a player's card), then that win may be presented as a slot game in which the outcome is the display of

Breastfeeding is the best source of nutrition for a baby, and it also offers health benefits to the nursing mother. Often, the nursing mother needs to use a breast pump to collect milk. A variety of breast pumps are available. The basic types of breast pumps include manual (hand operated) pumps and electric pumps. The electric pumps may be battery and/or AC powered. Further, the electric pumps may be self-cycling or require some manual user control. U.S. Pat. No. 6,213,840 combines a manual hand pump with a breast pump support bra which supports the weight of the breast. While most hand pumps are inexpensive and portable, they are typically uncomfortable, inefficient, and difficult to clean.
Some electric pumps are not battery-operated such that the nursing mother has to be near a power outlet. Other electric pumps, such as the diaphragm pump disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,257,847 and 6,090,065, are assembled from many parts (hoses, gaskets, valves, etc.) which are difficult to clean, wash and carry. FIG. 27 illustrates such a prior art system from the '065 patent having many parts which makes it cumbersome and difficult to use. In particular, in such a traditional breast pump, the milk has to pass through a plurality of components, such as a funnel P20, a cylindrical guiding means P22, a cap assembly P30, a reservoir P40, an inlet P62 connected to the suction assembly, etc., just to get to a container.
The website at http://www.epinons.com/kifm-Health-Nursing_and_Feeding-Breast Pumps-A11/tk˜PR001.1.5 lists many commercially available breast pumps. Most of the electric breast pumps, such as Hollister's Purely Yours™ Kit, are cumbersome and noisy, and thus very stressful for the nursing mother to use. In addition, while the nursing mother is using these breast pumps to collect milk, she cannot take care of the baby or do anything else.
Even more, these pumps share the disadvantage that the mother's breast is exposed during use (lack of privacy) and that their motors are noisy. The breast pump vest described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,571,084, although covering most of the breast, is heavy and inconvenient to wear.
Currently, there are no portable and user-friendly breast pumps

Dispersants are known for use with gypsum that help fluidize the mixture of water and calcium sulfate hemihydrate so that less water is needed to make a flowable slurry.
β-Naphthalene sulfonate formaldehyde (“BNS”) and melamine sulfonate formaldehyde (“MFS”) condensate dispersants are well known, but have limited efficacy. The preparation and use of BNS is well known state of the art and disclosed in EP 0 214 412 A1 and DE-PS 2 007 603, herein incorporated by reference. The effect and properties of BNS can be modified by changing the molar ratio between formaldehyde and the naphthalene component that usually is from about 0.7 up to about 3.5. The ratio between formaldehyde and the sulfonated naphthalene component preferably is from about 0.8 to 3.5 to about 1. BNS condensates are added to the hydraulic binder containing composition in amounts from about 0.01 up to about 6.0 wt. %.
Melamine-sulfonate-formaldehyde-condensates are broadly used as flow improving agents in the processing of hydraulic binder containing compositions such as dry mortar mixtures, pourable mortars and other cement bonded construction materials and in the production of gypsum panels. Melamine is used in this connection as representative of s-triazine. They cause a strong liquefying effect of the construction chemicals mixture while minimizing undesired side effects occurring in the processing or in the functional properties of the hardened building material. As it is for the BNS technology, there is also broad prior art for MFS. MFS dispersants are revealed in DE 196 09 614 A1, DE 44 11 797 A1, EP 0 059 353 A1 and DE 195 38 821 A1.
DE 196 09 614 A1 discloses a water soluble polycondensation product based on an amino-s-triazine and its use as plasticizer in aqueous binder containing suspensions based on cement, lime and gypsum. These polycondensates are capable in two condensation steps whereby in a pre-condensation step the amino-s-triazine, the formaldehyde component and the sulfite are condensed at a molar ratio of 1 to 0.5:5.0 to 0.1:1.5. Melamine is a preferred representative of amino-s-triazines. Further suitable representatives are amino plast former selected from the group urea, thiourea, dicyandiamide or guanidine and gu

Certain spectroscopy techniques feature the enhancement of a spectroscopic signal through electromagnetic interaction at a surface. Representative surface enhanced spectroscopic (SES) techniques include, but are not limited to surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS) and surface enhanced resonance Raman spectroscopy (SERRS). In SERS or SERRS, a metal or other enhancing surface will couple electromagnetically to incident electromagnetic radiation and create a locally amplified electromagnetic field that leads to 102- to 109-fold or greater increases in the Raman scattering of a SERS active molecule situated on or near the enhancing surface. The output in a SERS experiment is the fingerprint-like Raman spectrum of the SERS active molecule.
SERS and other SES techniques can be implemented with particles such as nanoparticles. For example, gold is a SERS enhancing surface, and gold colloid may be suspended in a mixture to provide for enhanced Raman spectrum detection. SERS may also be performed with more complex SERS-active nanoparticles, for example SERS nanotags, as described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,514,767, 6,861,263, 7,443,489 and elsewhere. In a SERS nanotag, a reporter molecule is adsorbed to a SERS-active surface, and both the SERS-active surface and the reporter are encapsulated, typically with silica or another relatively impervious material. One advantage of a silica or glass coating is that it prevents the adsorbed molecule from diffusing away. The coating or shell also prevents other molecules from adsorbing to the enhancing surface or particle core. This configuration imparts a level of robustness and environmental insensitivity to the particles that is, for many applications, a desirable feature.
Environmental insensitivity and robustness will cause a SERS nanotag to be spectroscopically static. In many implementations, it is desirable that a SERS nanotag returns the same signal virtually no matter how long the tag has been applied to an item or embedded in a substance and no matter how many types of compound or solution are contacted with the SERS nanotag. It is also desirable, but problematic, that a SERS nanotag or similar taggant be relatively insensitive to temperature fluctuations. In particular, it is desirable that the signal capacity of taggants used to mark substances or items that are subjected to elevated temperatures not degrade as a function of elevated temperature. This is problematic in the case of SERS nanotags as described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,514,767, 6,861,263, 7,

The present invention relates to a positioning-indexing control device for an inverter apparatus and more particularly to positioning-indexing control device for inverter apparatus with an induction motor connected thereto as its load.
2. Description of the Prior Art
As the control device of this type the one as shown in FIG. 1 has previously been proposed.
Referring to FIG. 1, reference numeral 1 denotes a three-phase power source, 2 denotes a rectifying circuit formed of a diode, thyristor, and the like for rectifying the alternating current supplied by the power source 1, and 3 denotes a filter for smoothing the d.c. voltage from the rectifying circuit 2. And, 4 denotes an inverter apparatus formed of switching elements such as a transistor for converting the d.c. voltage from the rectifying circuit 2 into a pulse-width modulated variable-frequency a.c. voltage, 5 denotes an induction motor as the load of the inverter apparatus 4 (hereinafter to be referred to as a motor), 6 denotes a speed detector for detecting the rotational speed of the motor 5, 7 denotes a pulse generator for generating a mark pulse P.sub.mo which indicates a rotational position of the motor 5 and a positional pulse P.sub.m, 8 denotes a speed command circuit for providing a standard speed v.sub.r as a speed command for the motor 5, and 9 denotes a speed detecting circuit for counting a speed signal v.sub.m output by the speed detector 6 and outputting a speed detected value v.sub.mr and a signal v.sub.ma which indicates that a designated speed has been reached. Further, 10 denotes a pulse detecting circuit for counting the mark pulse P.sub.mo from the pulse generator 7 and the positional pulse P.sub.m and outputting a position detected value P.sub.mr and an in-position signal P.sub.i, 11 denotes a slip-frequency computing unit for computing a deviation .DELTA.v of the speed detected value v.sub.mr from the standard speed v.sub.r, 12 denotes a voltage-to-pulse converter in response to the sum of the deviation .DELTA.v from the slip-frequency computing unit 11 and the speed detected value v.sub.mr from the speed detecting circuit 9, v.sub.mr +.DELTA.v, for outputting a pulse P.sub.o whose frequency is proportional to a frequency command f.sub.o

The lobes of the cam plate which respectively correspond to the three basic tier patterns are in the shape of arcs respectively struck by radii of different lengths from a common axis of revolution. Thus, each of the instructions received by the cam follower from the bale wagon memory is represented by the position of the cam follower along one of the three arcs forming the lobes and thus at one of three possible radial distances from the center of the cam plate.
It is important that the cam plate be accurately activated or rotated relative to the cam follower so that successive instructins (lobes) representing the desired sequence of tier patterns will be received by the cam follower. Under normal conditions, accurate sequential rotation of the cam plate with respect to the cam follower, such that the cam follower is successively positioned on the lobes arranged on the cam plate, may be achieved by accurate sensing of successive stack movements and positions along the load bed of the bale wagon during stack formation. Since, under normal conditions, the bales being stacked commonly have dimensions of 16.times.23.times.46 inches, the angular displacement between the lobes about the cam plate periphery may be designed to be proportionate to the various sequence of 16 and 23 inch dimensions of the stack tiers.
The features on the bale wagon disclosed in the aforesaid patent for sequentially rotating the cam plate in response to stack movements on the load bed are the rolling rack which supports the rear of the stack on the load bed, its hydraulic cylinder and the hydraulic circuitry associated therewith, a cable drum fixed on the rotatable shaft which also mounts the cam plate and motion transmitting means in the form of cables being routed along an endless path and interconnecting the rolling rack cylinder and the cable drum. Thus, as successive tiers are delivered by the second table to the front end of the load bed, the tier or tiers already standing upright on the load bed are moved toward the rear end of the load bed through a distance equal to the width of the flat (23 inches) or edge (16 inches) side of the bales, depending upon which of the sides of the bales is oriented in the horizontal plane, and, concurrently therewith, the rolling rack is moved through the same distance toward the rear end of the load bed. The hydraulic circuitry associated with the rolling rack cylinder insures that the rolling rack does not overrun. Thus, the rolling rack will only be moved through a distance equal to the bale width of the respective tier being delivered to the load bed and thereby the desired angular

Increasing use of microelectronic technology in microwave and hybrid circuits, memories, computers, defense and medical electronics has created an array of new and difficult problems for the industry. More expensive and exotic materials, such as sapphire, garnet, alumina, ceramic, glass, quartz, ferrite, and other hard, brittle substrates, are being used. They are often combined to produce multiple layers of dissimilar materials, thus adding further to the dicing problems. The high cost of these substrates, together with the value of the circuits fabricated on them, makes it difficult to accept anything less than high yield at the die-separation phase.
Dicing is the mechanical process of machining with abrasive particles. It is assumed that this process mechanism is similar to creep grinding. As such, a similarity may be found in material removal behavior between dicing and grinding. The theory of brittle material grinding predicts linear proportionality between material removal rate and power input to the grinding wheel. The size of the dicing blades used for die separation, however, makes the process unique. Typically, the blade thickness ranges from 0.6 mils to 50 mils (0.015 mm to 1.27 mm), and diamond particles (the hardest known material) are used as the abrasive material ingredient. Because of the diamond dicing blade's extreme fineness, compliance with a strict set of parameters is imperative, and even the slightest deviation from the norm could result in complete failure.
FIG. 1 is an isometric view of a semiconductor wafer 100 during the fabrication of semiconductor devices. A conventional semiconductor wafer 100 may have a plurality of chips, or dies, 100a, 100b, . . . formed on its top surface. In order to separate the chips 100a, 100b, . . . from one another and the wafer 100, a series of orthogonal lines or "streets" 102, 104 are cut into the wafer 100. This process is also known as dicing the wafer.
Dicing saw blades are made in the form of an annular disc that is either clamped between the flanges of a hub or built on a hub that accurately positions the thin flexible saw blade. As mentioned above, the saw blade employs a fine powder of diamond particles that are held entrapped in the saw blade as the hard agent for cutting semiconductor wafers. The blade is rotated by an integrated DC spindle-motor to cut into the semiconductor material.
Optimizing the cut quality and reducing process variation requires an understanding of the interaction between

In various embodiments, the high side driver 32 may control the switching of the PFET driver 34 such that the PFET driver 34 drives the output pin OUT 44 towards the supply voltage VDD 40. On the other hand, the low side driver 36 may control the switching of the NFET driver 38 such that the NFET driver 38 pulls the output pin OUT 44 towards the ground supply GND. By appropriately controlling the switching of the PFET and the NFET drivers using the controller 24, the output voltage at OUT 44 may be controlled. Exemplary internal structures of the FET drivers and/or the high end and low end drivers are well known to those skilled in the art, and hence, a more detailed discussion is omitted herein. The controller 24 may receive feedback voltage Vout 78 through the feedback pin FB 52, and regulate the switching of the PFET and the NFET drivers such that Vout is substantially equal to the reference voltage Vref. In various embodiments, Vout may be proportional to the reference voltage Vref, i.e., Vout may be substantially equal to N*Vref, where N is a programmable constant.
In various embodiments, the on-chip regulator 10 may act as a down convertor, by generating output voltage (e.g., 1.2V or 2.5V) less than or equal to the supply voltage VDD (e.g., 5V). In various embodiments, the voltage regulator 10 may be utilized in a plurality of electronic systems. For example, in a hard disk drive (HDD), a motor controller may integrate one or more voltage regulators to provide regulated power supply to the motor controller and/or other components external to the motor controller (e.g., system-on-chip (SoC), preamplifiers, dynamic random access memory (DRAM) etc.).
The voltage regulator 10 may be suitable for numerous low power applications, where the power requirement of the load 76 is relatively low. But as the power requirement of the load 76 increases, the FET drivers (i.e., the PFET driver 34 and the NFET driver 38) may be needed to control relatively large current components. However, because of limited power and/or heat dissipation capabilities and/or limited current carrying capabilities of the FET drivers and/or chip 20, it may not always be possible to have on-chip FET drivers for high power applications. In these types of applications, in various embodiments, it may be possible to have external FET

Referring to FIG. 1B, a conformal insulating layer 114 is formed over the substrate 100 by chemical vapor deposition (CVD).
Referring to FIG. 1C, the insulating layer 114 is defined by photolithography and etching. A part of the insulating layer 114 on the substrate 100 is removed by an anisotropic etching method while the remaining part of the insulating layer 114 covers the surface of the gate 102. As shown in FIG. 1C, the remaining part of the insulating layer 114 is on the sidewalls and the top of the gate 102 to serve as spacers 114a. Due to the formation of the spacers 114a, a contact hole 115 having a self-aligning function is formed above the lightly doped source/drain region 110. The spacers 114a not only serve as protection for the gate 102, but also serve as a mask in the formation of heavily doped source/drain regions. Then, an ion implantation with heavily doped ions is performed to form a heavily doped source/drain region onto the substrate 100. A source/drain region 116 having a lightly doped drain (LDD) structure is thus formed.
Referring to FIG. 1D, a dielectric layer 120 is formed over the substrate 100 to cover the gate 102 by CVD.
The dielectric layer 120 is defined to form a contact hole 122 in the dielectric layer 122 by photolithography and etching. The source/drain region 116, which is normally below the expected contact hole 115, is exposed. However, the contact hole 122 is easily misaligned during the step of defining the dielectric layer 120. If misalignment occurs, the contact hole 122 is not completely aligned to the source/drain region 116. Only a portion of the spacers 114a and a portion of the source/drain region 116 are exposed by the misaligned contact hole 122. Thus, contact resistance between the source/drain region 116 and a plug formed subsequently is increased. If the misalignment occurs more seriously, an open condition caused by no contact between the contact and the source/drain region 116 occurs.
Referring to FIG. 1E, a plug 124 is formed in the contact hole 122 in the dielectric layer 120. The step of forming the plug 124 includes forming a glue/barrier layer (not shown) along the contact hole 122, in order to increase adhesion between a conductive layer formed subsequently and other material on the substrate 100. The glue/barrier layer includes titanium/titanium nitride (Ti

Other methods have been proposed to enable high titer production of rAAV. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,658,776 refers to packaging systems and processes for packaging AAV vectors that replace the AAV P5 promoter with a heterologous promoter. Alternatively, U.S. Pat. No. 5,622,856 refers to constructs and methods for AAV vector production, which provide constructs formed by moving the homologous P5 promoter to a position 3xe2x80x2 to the rep genes, and optionally flanking the rep-cap and repositioned P5 promoter with FRT sequences.
There remains a need in the art for additional methods permitting the efficient production of AAV and recombinant AAV viruses for use in research and therapy.
The present invention provides novel methods, host cells, and vector constructs which permit efficient production of rAAV, by decreasing the expression of the rep78/rep68 gene products, while leaving the expression of rep52, rep40and AAV structural proteins at a normal level.
In one aspect, the invention provides a host cell containing
(a) a first nucleic acid molecule comprising from 5xe2x80x2 to 3xe2x80x2, a parvovirus P5 promoter, a spacer, an AAV rep sequence and an AAV cap sequence, wherein the spacer is of sufficient size to reduce expression of the rep78 and rep68 gene products;
(b) a second nucleic acid molecule comprising a minigene comprising a transgene flanked by AAV inverse terminal repeats (ITRs) and under the control of regulatory sequences directing expression thereof in a host cell; and
(c) helper functions essential to the replication and packaging of rAAV.
In another aspect, the invention provides a nucleic acid molecule useful in the production of recombinant AAV comprising from 5xe2x80x2 to 3xe2x80x2, a homologous P5 promoter, a spacer, an AAV rep sequence and an AAV cap sequence, wherein the spacer is of sufficient size to reduce, but not eliminate, expression of the rep78 and rep68 gene products.
In yet a further aspect, the invention provides a method for increasing the production of recombinant adeno-associated virus (rAAV) by culturing a host cell as described above, by which the rep78/rep68 gene products are reduced in expression, and isolating from the cell lysate or cell culture, high levels of recombinant

The pyrotechnic projectile can take on various shapes. For cylindrical shells, the main burst includes stars which are randomly packed. Upon detonation of the main burst, the shell opens, and the stars are ignited in an irregular visual pattern. For round shells, the main burst consists of the stars arranged around a central core of black powder. When the main burst of the round shell is ignited, the stars are distributed in a round, symmetrical pattern. Sometimes the shell will contain a flash-and-sound powder, instead of stars, to produce a flash of light and a loud noise.
Factors in raising the pyrotechnic projectile to a particular altitude are aerodynamic drag, projectile stability and the size of the initial burst. In this regard, pyrotechnic projectiles are usually hand manufactured, and various materials have been used to form the pyrotechnic projectile's outer shell, including paper and plastics. The manufacturing variations, therefore, can cause uncertainties in the final shape of the pyrotechnic projectile. Hence, such manufacturing variations can create an outer shell that is non-uniform in shape, which causes undesirable drag and instability in flight. As a result, the altitude to which the pyrotechnic projectile is launched can never be determined with precision. In addition to the structural variations in the pyrotechnic projectile outer shell structure, the variations in the quality and composition of the black powder charge used in the initial burst can propel otherwise identical projectiles to various different heights. This is explained in more detail below.
A further related factor regarding altitude is the main fuse technology, which governs detonation timing of the main burst after ignition of the initial burst. The main fuse, used to detonate the main burst of the pyrotechnic projectile, typically is a delayed chemical fuse. Existing chemical fuses are usually non-uniform in their construction and therefore exhibit a wide variation in their burn rate from one pyrotechnic projectile to the next. As a result, it has been found that a pyrotechnic projectile set to detonate at approximately 600 feet in the air may detonate anywhere from between 500 feet and 700 feet, roughly a 16 percent deviation.
Variations in black powder composition, black powder quality, pyrotechnic projectile structure and mortar structure all contribute to the inherent lack of uniformity of projectile height and position at the time of shell ignition. Amounts of black powder in the initial burst, length

2. Discussion of the Prior Art
Conductive elements comprising laminates of a porous electrically conductive layer composed of electrically conducting particles bonded together in an open continuous structure, electrodes on the conductive layer in electrical contact therewith and at least one layer covering each surface of the conductive layer are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 2,952,761 to R. Smith-Johannsen. Numerous methods for the preparation of similar elements for use as heaters are disclosed in the prior art. See, for example, U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,803,566, 2,891,228 and 2,991,257 all to R. Smith-Johannsen, 3,400,254 to Takemori, 3,876,968 to R. D. Barnes et al. 3,900,654 to J. J. Stinger and 4,169,911 to Yoshida et al. The disclosures of the above patents are incorporated by reference herein.
In the prior art processes the conductive composition is applied to a substrate, for example, asbestos fiber mat, glass fabric or thermoplastic film. The structure is then generally laminated to one or more outer layers. When the conductive composition is an aqueous based dispersion of conductive particles, preferred for reasons of economy and safety, as in above-mentioned U.S. Pat. No. 2,952,761, the substrate used in actual practice has generally been an asbestos fiber mat, although use of other substrates is suggested in this patent. When the conductive composition is one containing an organic solvent medium, a wider range of substrates, including thermoplastic films, can be used. For example, in U.S. Pat. No. 3,900,654, a heating element is prepared from a thermoplastic film support with an adherent conductive layer of an electrically conductive material containing carbon black dispersed in a fluorocarbon elastomer. It is mentioned that the support can be composed of a layer of the polymer adhered to another material such as a fibrous sheet. It is also mentioned that the conductive elastomer can be applied from a liquid coating composition in which the elastomer is dispersed in an organic solvent or in water.
Conductive elements prepared by processes of the type described above are not entirely satisfactory. While a very useful product can be made by impregnating a uniform asbestos fiber mat with an aqueous dispersion of conductive particles, careful precautions are necessary in handling products including asbestos fibers, and attempts to replace the uniform asbestos fiber mat by other uniform fiber mats have

2. Description of the Prior Art
Generally, a polyolefin series composition wherein polyolefin has been packed only with inorganic loading material can be improved in rigidity and heat resistance, but is considerably deteriorated in mechanical strength, particularly impact resisting strength, thus resulting in a big problem in practical use. Also, as the blending amount of the inorganic loading material against polyolefin increases, the fluidity of the polyolefin is considerably spoiled and the appearance of the molded goods produced thereby is very poor, thus being impractical.
As a method of solving these disadvantages, it was devised that after the inorganic loading material had been treated on the surfaces by paraffin series hydrocarbon, higher fatty acid, metallic soap or the like, it could be packed into the polyolefin. However, according to this method, the appearance of the molded goods produced thereby could be somewhat improved, but the mechanical strength thereof could not be improved.
Then, another method was devised of packing the inorganic loading material into the polyolefin after the inorganic loading material had been treated on surfaces with organic silane series compound or organic titanium series compound. According to this method, the appearance of the mold goods produced thereby could be considerably improved, but the mechanical strength was insufficiently improved.
Furthermore, a further method is devised of first producing a denatured propylene polymer wherein an unsaturated compound having a carboxyl group therein is graft-polymerized, and then surface-treating the inorganic loading material with an organic silane compound, thereby to heat and reinforce both of them. However, this method has the following disadvantages.
(1) Since the denatured polypropylene is required to be produced in advance, heating, mixing and kneading processes are required by a Banbury type mixer, an extruding machine, etc. to provide the denatured polypropylene. The denatured propylene thus provided becomes extremely high in cost, resulting in that the economical effect of the polypropylene, which is used because of its lower price, is removed.
(2) Since the polypropylene receives heating at two stages where the denatured polypropylene is provided and where the inorganic loading material is further added for the mixing and kneading operation, the property of matter is deteriorated and, the color is changed due to the decreased molecular weight, thus resulting in problems in practical use.
(3) The tack force of the denatured polypropylene itself rises greatly and, when the inorganic loading material is added to the denatured polypropylene, the dispersibility of the inorganic loading material becomes worse with

At present, temperature control of these reaction platforms is performed using a usual machine called a thermostatic bath. Especially, in detecting genes, a target gene or a gene amplified by a PCR method or the like is labeled with an enzyme or the like, and the detecting reaction is usually performed as a normal biochemical reaction at a uniform reaction temperature using the thermostatic bath.
On the other hand, the present inventors have proposed a novel isothermal nucleic acid amplification method using no enzyme (a method for forming a probe self-assembly substance) (see Patent Documents 1 to 4). FIGS. 1 to 3 are schematic explanatory drawings showing the method described in Patent Document 1. For example, a method described in Patent Document 1 uses a pair of oligonucleotide probes 18 (the probe is called a “Honey Comb Probe”, and hereinafter referred to as a “HCP”) as shown in FIG. 1. The probes consist of a first HCP (a X region, a Y region and a Z region) and a second HCP (a Z′ region, a Y′ region and a X′ region). The three regions of each HCP are complementary to each other in their base sequences. The base sequences of the HCPs are designed such that they are hybridized through a couple of regions corresponding to each other when reacting them to each other (FIG. 2). By this design, when reacting plural pairs of HCPs, as shown in FIG. 9, they are hybridized with each other depending on the reaction temperature to form a self-assembly substance of probes 20 (arrows of FIG. 9) (FIG. 3). In the present specification, the method for forming a self-assembly substance by the self-assembly reaction using these oligonucleotide probes (a probe alternation link self-assembly reaction) is referred to as a PALSAR method.
Also the present inventors have found that the detection sensitivity of a target gene can be improved by using the PALSAR method (Patent Document 5). In FIG. 4, there is shown an example of a signal amplifying method with a microplate using the PALSAR method. As shown in FIG. 4(a), a capture probe 14 (a probe for capturing a gene) for a target gene 12 is bonded to the reaction device such as a microplate 10. Next, as shown in FIG. 4(b), the target gene 12 is captured. After that, as shown in FIG. 4(c), there is added oligonucleotide DNA 16 having complementary regions to a HCP and the

Various products have been provided in the past for this type of treatment. In particular, EP 542,598, the contents of which are incorporated here by way of reference, provided salified or quaternized, fluorinated acrylic copolymers comprising, by weight:
(a) 50 to 92%, preferably 70 to 90%, of one or more polyfluorinated monomers of general formula: ##STR1## in which Rf represents a straight- or branched-chain perfluorinated radical containing 2 to 20 carbon atoms, preferably 4 to 16 carbon atoms, B represents a bivalent chain sequence which is bonded to O via a carbon atom and which can contain one or more oxygen, sulphur and/or nitrogen atoms, one of the R symbols represents a hydrogen atom and the other a hydrogen atom or an alkyl radical containing 1 to 4 carbon atoms;
(b) 1 to 25%, preferably 8 to 18%, of one or more monomers of general formula: ##STR2## in which B' represents a linear or branched alkylene radical containing 1 to 4 carbon atoms, R' represents a hydrogen atom or an alkyl radical containing 1 to 4 carbon atoms, the R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 symbols, which are identical or different, each represent a hydrogen atom, a linear or branched alkyl radical containing 1 to 18 carbon atoms or a hydroxyethyl or benzyl radical, or R.sup.1 and R.sup.2, together with the nitrogen atom to which they are bonded, form a morpholino, piperidino or 1-pyrrolidinyl radical;
(c) 1 to 25%, preferably 2 to 10%, of a vinyl derivative of general formula: EQU R"--CH.dbd.CH.sub.2 (III)
in which R" can be an alkyl carboxylate or alkyl ether group containing from 1 to 18 carbon atoms;
(d) 0 to 10%, preferably 0 to 8%, of any monomer other than the monomers of formulae I, II and III.
These fluorinated copolyers, which are completely dilutable with water, can be applied on various substrates, such as leather, nonwovens, construction materials, paper and cardboard. In particular, they can be applied on paper according to various techniques (in a size press or in the body of the material), thus conferring excellent hydrophobic and oleophobic properties on the paper, without requiring adjuvants (sequestering agents, retention agents, fixing resins, and the like).
Such types

The present invention relates to a new and improved torpedo and a method by which engine exhaust gas is stored as the torpedo is discharged from a torpedo tube.
Known torpedos commonly have engines which are driven by a supply of gas under pressure, such as steam or gas generated from a liquid or solid monopropellant fuel. During operation of the engine, there is a continuous flow of the gas through the engine. The engine exhaust gas has previously been discharged through hollow drive shafts connected with torpedo drive propellers. Such a torpedo drive arrangement is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,151,527.
In addition, it has been suggested that the flow of gas which is discharged from a torpedo drive engine could be exhausted through an outer wall of the torpedo in the manner disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,048,137. This patent contemplates that the exhaust gas will be conducted from the engine to an exhaust gas expansion chamber having porous or foraminous walls. The exhaust gas discharged from the expansion chamber flows through the foraminous wall into the water around the torpedo. The openings in the expansion chamber wall are sized so that exhaust gas passes through the expansion chamber wall at a low velocity and in minute bubbles.
A torpedo drive system in which the products of combustion flow through an annular space or tank is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,109,401. Exhaust gas flows from the storage space through a plurality of open holes or apertures formed in the housing or hull of the torpedo. Although there is a free flow of exhaust gas from the annular storage space through open holes, a pressure regulating and uni-directional flow valve is provided to maintain the combustion chamber at a desired pressure and to prevent an inflow of water when the combustion chamber is below the desired pressure.
During operation of the engines in these known torpedos, there is a continuous flow of exhaust gas from the torpedos. If an attempt was made to operate the torpedo drive engine when the torpedo is in a torpedo tube, the exhaust gases would accumulate at the inner end of the tube so that the torpedo drive propellers would be surrounded by exhaust gas. Since the drive propellers are designed to drive the torpedo under water, their performance is greatly impaired when the propellers are located in a bubble of exhaust gas.
The problem with accumulation of exhaust gases at one end of a torpedo tube during operation of the torpedo drive engine

1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to a method of restoring lost circulation of drilling fluid in a well.
2. State of the Art
Rotary drilling of a borehole is accomplished by rotating a drill string having a drill bit at its lower end. Weight is applied to the drill string while rotating to create a borehole into the earth. The borehole may pass through numerous different strata before the borehole reaches the desired depth. The drill string is usually hollow for reasons which become apparent later. Sections are added to the drill string to increase its length as the borehole is deepened.
This drilling process creates significant amounts of friction which produces heat along with fragments of the strata being penetrated. The fragments of strata must be removed from the borehole and the drill bit must be cooled to extend its usable life. Both of these necessities are accomplished by the circulation of a drilling fluid down through the drill string and up the annulus between the drill string and borehole wall to the surface. Cooling of the drill bit is accomplished by a steady flow of cool fluid from the surface and cutting fragments are carried up the annulus to the surface where they are separated from the drilling fluid.
Drilling fluids typically include water and a complicated mixture of clays, polymeric thickeners and dispersants, and weighting agents. The properties of the drilling fluid are dictated primarily by the physical nature of the geologic formation through which the borehole will be created. The hardness, fluid content, type of fluid, porosity, permeability, in-situ stresses, compressive and tensile strength, and chemical composition are all important characteristics of a geologic formation which impact the formulation of the drilling fluid.
In addition to providing cooling, lubrication and cuttings removal from the borehole, the drilling fluid also provides pressure control for the well. A hydrostatic pressure is produced by the column of drilling fluid in the borehole. The density of the drilling fluid may be varied to produce a hydrostatic pressure at specific points along the borehole which is equivalent to or slightly in excess of the pressure of the exposed geologic formations.
In some cases, the hydrostatic pressure of the drilling fluid column required to control a formation pressure in part of the borehole may exceed the tensile or compressive strength of other exposed formations. If this happens, a fracture may be initiated and propagated in the weaker strata. This causes an alteration in the drilling fluid circulation circuit. Instead of returning to the surface up the annulus, some or all of the drilling

This invention relates to a video processing system to allow a video image to be stored in a frame store at a selected rotational angle.
In television broadcasting for example there is often a requirement to rotate a video image for use in special effects. It has been should in U.K. patent application No. 8108467 (U.S. patent application Ser. No. 246,970) that this can be achieved by storing the video signal frame by frame in a digital frame buffer and then reading out each frame using a modified addressing mechanism such that the resultant image is a rotated form of the original.
FIG. 1 shows an example of the addressing mechanism used in the above referenced patent application that is required to produce this rotated image (O/P raster). In this example in order to calculate the new address B from the previous address A we add on two incremental steps dX and dY where for no compression dX=1.times.Cos O and dY=1.times.Sine O where O is the angle of rotation.
If the position of pixel A when projected onto the framestore raster is X,Y then the position of B will be X+dX, Y+dY. This co-ordinate position is non-integer and so we can calculate the surrounding picture points, P, Q, R and S which we need to calculate the new pixel value for the position B by taking the integer part of B's co-ordinate. The remainder (or fractional part) dX and dY is used to calculate the relative weightings of the pixel values at P, Q, R and S in order to provide a correctly interpolated pixel value of the position B.
In the example shown in FIG. 1, point B to be synthesised is in a co-ordinate position equivalent to location 3,1 in the output raster, and in a position 2.68, 1.82 in the frame store raster. Point P for example is in co-ordinate position 2,1 in the frame store raster and the remainder (or fractional) values 0.68 and 0.82 are used as interpolation factors for points P, Q, R and S adjacent the point B to be synthesised.
A step in the Y direction from G to H for the start of the next line, is calculated in a similar manner.
This scheme works well when we are dealing with a framestore where the data is stored in a normal fashion and we are creating

Electrically blowable fuses, on the other hand, do not have to be placed at or near the surface of the an integrated circuit. Accordingly, they give designers greater latitude in fuse placement. In general, electrically blowable fuses tend to be smaller than laser blowable fuses, which render them highly suitable for use in modern high density integrated circuits. Further, electrically blowable fuses have a high programming speed compared to conventional laser blowable fuses.
Various means have been used in the past to blow electrically blowable fuses. One recently used technique for opening the connection at the fuse employs the electro-migration effect, which has long been identified as a major metal failure mechanism. Electro-migration is the process whereby the ions of a metal conductor move in response to the passage of a high density current flow though the conductor. Such motion can lead to the formation of “voids” in the conductor, which can grow to a size where the conductor is unable to pass current. One can take advantage of the electro-migration effect to selectively open up metal connections (e.g., fuses) at desired locations within an integrated circuit.
One limitation of such electrically blowable fuses is they can be programmed only once (e.g., from a state “1” (conducting) to a state “0” (non-conducting)). In other words, once an electrically blowable fuse has been opened using the electro-migration effect it can not be closed again. Therefore, to reprogram or reconfigure an integrated circuit, redundant electrically blowable fuses and complicated supporting circuitry would be necessary.
Studies have been made regarding the healing of electro-migration related damage using a current reversal method. Evidence of such healing has been reported by E. Castano, et al, in a paper entitled “In Situ Observation of DC and AC Electro-migration in Passivated Al Lines,” Applied Physics Letters, Volume 59, Issue 1, Jul. 1, 1991, pp. 129-131. In this paper, it was shown that void size could be decreased by applying current stress in a reverse direction. As depicted in FIG. 1, for example, it was found that the average void size was reduced from 5.0 μm2 (point A) to 1.5 μm2 (point B) in less than one hour. A similar study was presented by J. Tao, et al. in a paper entitled, “An Electro-migration Failure Model for Inter

A distortion circuit imparting distortion effects to a digital audio data of a digital circuit, for example as shown in FIG. 7, which is comprised of a non-liner table 1 having the input/output characteristics shown as the curve b in FIG. 8, or comprised of an amplifying multiplier 2 multiplying an input data by an amplifying coefficient, and an attenuating multiplier 3 multiplying the multiplied result of the amplifying multiplier 2 by an attenuating coefficient as shown in FIG. 9.
When the sine wave data shown as the curve a in FIG. 8 is supplied to the non-liner table 1 shown in FIG. 7, output data on which is represented by a broken line of the curve c in FIG. 8 are distorted, and is output from the non-liner table 1. In contrast, when the sine wave data shown as the curve a in FIG. 10 is supplied to the amplifying multiplier 2 shown in FIG. 9, the sine wave data is multiplied by an amplifying coefficient of the amplifying multiplier 2. As a result, the part where an amplitude level is large among the parts of the multiplied result is limited by a limiter built into the amplifying multiplier 2. Then, the output data from the amplifying multiplier 2 is multiplied by the attenuating coefficient in the attenuating multiplier 3 to adjust the proper level. Accordingly, the output data wherein the waveform is distorted, is output as shown as the curve b in FIG. 10.
The amplifying multiplier 2 is composed of a multiplier 4 and a limiter 5 as shown in FIG. 11. Both an input bit width and an output bit width of the amplifying multiplier 2 is p bits (p is a positive integer). However, there is the case where the bit width of the multiplied result of the multiplier 4 becomes q bits (q is a positive integer, and p is less than q). Accordingly, when the bit width of the multiplied result of the multiplier 4 is larger than the output bit width p of the amplifying multiplier 2, the bit width of the multiplied result of the multiplier 4 is limited, by the limiter 5, to the maximum value or the minimum value of the output bit width p of the amplifying multiplier 2. For example, when the multiplied result of the multiplier 4 is a positive value and its bit width is larger than the output bit width p of the amplifying multiplier 2, the bit width of the multiplied result of the multiplier 4 is limited to the maximum value of the output bit width p of the amplifying

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a positional information management system and a positional information management method for use in managing positional information of a worker who moves from place to place toward the visiting destination where he/she has tasks to do, and a recording medium and a mobile terminal therefor.
2. Description of the Related Art
In many cases, a worker who goes out from his/her office to perform his/her job writes a daily report in which the contents of works he/she has done at the visiting place are put down. In some cases, the location of the visiting place and how to travel are also included in this daily report, so that transportation costs may be paid back to the worker based on the reported information. For this purpose, the worker has to report to the company the means of transportation he/she utilized and the stations he/she got on/off the transportation.
For this need, the worker may utilize a positional information providing service offered by a communication service company, by using his/her cellular phone, etc. Specifically, the worker regularly sends his/her current position to the company's management system on this positional information providing service. Then, the worker specifies the route he/she took including the utilized means of transportation and the stations to get on/off the transportation based on the positional information sent to the system, and generates the daily report based on the specified information. By utilizing such a positional information providing service, the worker can avoid the bothersome labor of recording the stations and transportation.
There is no doubt that the worker can accurately specify the route he/she took if he/she records the positional information in detail. However, in the case where the worker sends the positional information acquired by the positional information providing service to his/her company's management system through the positional information providing service, charges are required for the services done and data communication. Therefore, there is a problem that the more detailed the positional information gets, the more expensive the charges become.
Furthermore, in some cases, the positional information providing service can not be accessed from indoor environments such as inside the subways and buildings where communication condition is poor. In these cases, the positional information can not be properly recorded and the route the worker took can not be accurately traced.
The present invention was made to solve the above-described problems, and an object of the present invention is to provide a positional information management system, a positional information management method, and a mobile terminal which are capable of efficiently managing positional

The molding step normally comprises 4 cycles: (1) the preheating cycle in which the empty mold is preheating with steam; (2) the fill cycle in which the mold is filled with pre-expanded polymer particles; (3) the fusion cycle in which the mold is closed and heated with steam to further expand the particles therein and cause the particles to fuse together; and (4) the cool cycle in which the mold is cooled, usually with recirculating water, or the application of vacuum, to cool the polymer below the softening point of the polymer, the mold is opened and the molded foamed molding is removed from the mold.
After the granules have been heated in the mold to form the desired articles, the article must be cooled for a relatively long period of time, depending upon the thickness of the article, before it can be removed from the mold in a self-supporting state to retain its shape outside the mold. Foamed plastic has good insulation qualities, so the cooling time for the article consumes a large part of the molding cycle and greatly restricts the number of articles that can be produced from a mold in a given period of time.
The cooling time is not appreciably shortened by applying cooling media to the surface of the article or to the mold surface since the heat transfer through the article is extremely slow. This low heat transfer rate is in fact one of the properties which makes these articles useful, for example, for insulation. If the articles are removed from the mold too soon, the combination of the softness of the thermoplastic material and the pressure due to the hot interior of the article will cause the article to bulge and thereafter not have the desired shape.
In U.S. Pat. No. 3,480,570, the addition of a sorbitan fatty acid ester to the surface of expandable styrene polymer particles gave reduced cool time in molding operations.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,503,908 taught the impregnation with polyoxyethylene monoesters of fatty acids, polyoxyethylene sorbitan monoesters of fatty acids, and polyoxyethylene monoethers of fatty alcohols having HLB number of at least 15 to give fast-cool moldings.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,789,028 taught the surface-coating of expandable styrene polymer particles with mono-, di- and triesters of glycerol with fatty acids to aid in shortening the cool time during foaming.
U.S.

The usual mechanism incorporated on a guitar or other similar stringed musical instrument used to adjust string tension and bring a musical instrument into correct tune is referred to as a tuning machine. This tuning machine usually consists of a hand operated mechanism that rotates a tuning peg which is an integral part of the tuning machine. There is one tuning machine for each string and they are an integral part of the musical instrument. Normally the string to be tuned is threaded through a hole in the tuning peg and the tuning peg is rotated several times by means of a arm driven gear assembly to wrap the string at least several times around the tuning peg. The musician then continues to rotate the peg to tighten the string, and by this means achieves a correct pitch for each string. On other types of stringed musical instruments such as an autoharp, piano or harp, the tuning peg is usually not a part of a tuning machine, but simply the tuning peg set in the wood or other material of the musical instrument and the tuning peg is turned by a special tool made for this purpose.
This method of wrapping the string around the tuning peg is considered to have many problems including, but not limited to, the following:                To install a new string properly according to standard accepted practice requires wrapping the string around the tuning peg by turning the knob on the tuning machine. This wrapping of the string around the tuning peg requires skill, dexterity and is very time consuming.        
It is difficult to get the string to wrap around the tuning peg evenly, which results in slack or loose windings that adversely affects tuning efficiency.                The part of the string that is wrapped around the tuning peg stretches and or slips and the string goes out of tune.        When turning the tuning machine to tune the string, not only is the musical or vibrating portion of the string being affected, but the windings or string wraps around the tuning peg are also affected. This is inefficient.        After the string is wrapped around the tuning peg and brought to the correct pitch there is a lag time when the musical instrument string has to be stretched quite a few times to equalize or remove slack or looseness in the wraps of the string around the tuning peg, and then the guitar has to be tuned to pitch again.        On guitars a special hand driven tuning machine knob winding tool is usually considered necessary to turn the tuning machine knob. Otherwise it takes a long time to wrap the string around the tuning peg by just turning the tuning peg by hand. Using this tool does not ensure that the

In electronic devices which produce voice messages, voice guidance, etc. using a simple hardware configuration, a voice reproducing device performs vector pulse code modulation (VPCM) in which a low-bit code book is used for vector quantization.
FIG. 6 shows a voice reproducing device performing VPCM. In the voice reproducing device of FIG. 6, patterns stored in a code book 102 are read out as required in accordance with voice signal coded data recorded in a data ROM 101, and the thus read out patterns are sequentially converted into analog signals by a D/A converter 103. The analog signals are passed through a filter 104 for removing aliasing noise, and then amplified by an amplifier 105 to reproduce the voice information through a loudspeaker 106. The code book 102 is a byte address ROM containing 256 patterns, each pattern (representative vector) being composed of a combination of eight samples (eight bytes) of 8-bit (1-byte) data. Each pattern can be accessed using address data input to the upper 8-bit address inputs (A.sub.3 -A.sub.10) of the code book 102 (i.e. in units of eight bits). The data ROM 101 contains various combinations of the 8-bit address data of the code book 102, in the form of coded data. These address data of the data ROM 101 are sequentially read out to the code book 102 by an address counter 108 that,operates according to the output of an oscillator 107. On the other hand, the lower three bits (P.sub.0 -P.sub.2) of the count outputs of the address counter 108 are connected directly to the lower 3-bit address inputs (A.sub.0 -A.sub.2) of the code book 102. In the code book 102, therefore, each pattern is selected using the upper 8-bit address given from the data ROM 101, and eight samples of data for the selected pattern are sequentially fed in blocks of eight bits to the D/A converter 103 in accordance with the lower three bits (P.sub.0 -P.sub.2) of the output of the address counter 108.
As a result, in the above voice signal reproducing device utilizing VPCM, a voice signal of 64 bits (8 bits.times.8 samples) can be compressed to 8-bit address data for storage in the data ROM 101.
The coded data contained in the data ROM are previously generated by vector quantization in which patterns closest to the voice signals

Under current 3GPP specifications, the Core Network, but not the UTRAN, is configured with connectivity to external systems such as Public Land Mobile Networks (PLMN), Public Switch Telephone Networks (PSTN), Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) and other Real Time (RT) services via an RT service interface. A Core Network will also support Non-Real Time services with the Internet. External connectivity of the Core Network to other systems, enables users using UEs to communicate via their Home UMTS Network, beyond the area served by the HN's UTRAN. Visiting UEs can likewise communicate via a visited UMTS Network, beyond the area served by the visited UMTS's UTRAN.
Under current 3GPP specifications, the Core Network provides RT service external connectivity via a Gateway Mobile Switching Center (GMSC). The Core Network provides NRT service, known as General Packet Radio Service (GPRS), external connectivity via a Gateway GPRS Support Node (GGSN). In this context, a particular NRT service may actually appear to a user to be a real time communication due to the communication speed and associated buffering of the TDD data packets forming the communication. One example of this is voice communication via the Internet which can appear to the user as a normal telephone call conducted by a switching network, but is actually being conducted using an Internet Protocol (IP) connection which provides Packet data Service.
A standard interface known as GI is generally used between a CN's GGSN and the Internet. The GI interface can be used with Mobile Internet Protocols, such as Mobile IP v4 or Mobile IP v6 as specified by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).
Under current 3GPP specifications, to provide support for both RT and NRT services from external sources for radio linked UEs in a 3GPP system, the UTRAN must properly interface with the CN which is the function of the Iu interface. To do this, the Core Network includes a Mobile Switching Centre (MSC) that is coupled to the GMSC and a Serving GPRS Support Node (SGSN) that is coupled to the GGSN. Both are coupled with the HRL and the MSC is usually combined with the Visitor Location Register (VLR).
The Iu interface is divided between an interface for Circuit Switched communications (Iu-CS) and an interface for packet data via Packet Switched communications (Iu-PS). The MSC is connected

Image recording devices such as laser beam printers, copiers and facsimile machines use a known electrophotographic technique to record an image on a sheet of paper. In a laser beam printer, an electrostatic latent image on a photosensitive medium is formed by emitting laser light from a laser light source in accordance with image data. The electrostatic latent image on the photosensitive medium is processed by a developing unit using toner from a toner hopper of the developing unit so as to render the image visible. The processed image on the photosensitive medium is transferred to a sheet of paper so that the image is recorded on the sheet of paper.
In the image recording device mentioned above, a toner-end sensor detects whether the top of the toner contained in the toner hopper is below or above a predetermined height. The height or the position of the toner-end sensor arranged in the toner hopper defines a lower limit of the quantity of toner contained in the toner hopper. When the toner-end sensor detects that the top of the toner is below the predetermined height fresh toner supplied to the toner hopper.
However, in the image recording device mentioned above, toner on the photosensitive medium, which remains after the image transferring is performed is always collected and sent back to the toner hopper. Hereinafter, such toner will be referred to as the collected toner. The fresh toner and the collected toner are mixed by an agitator with its rotary blades within the toner hopper, and the mixed toner is used for the developing unit to process another image on the photosensitive medium.
FIG. 1 shows a toner hopper of a conventional developing unit. In order to use up all toner within the toner hopper, a toner-end sensor 1 is arranged at a position of a toner chamber 2 in the tone hopper, and the position is nearly at the bottom of the toner chamber 2. When the toner hopper contains a too small quantity of toner, or the quantity of toner in the toner chamber 2 has reached the lower limit, the toner-end sensor detects it. However, the remaining toner on the photosensitive medium is always collected and sent back to the toner hopper, regardless of the time of detection by the toner-end sensor 1.
Therefore, when a small quantity of toner within the toner hopper is above the lower limit prior to the time of the detection mentioned above, the ratio of the collected toner relative to the fresh toner within the toner hopper is increased, and it may possibly exceed 50 percent.
Generally, the collected toner mentioned above

One factor affecting communications performance in any network communication protocol is latency. Latency is the delay between a request for data and the receipt of the requested data. This delay is primarily due to signal propagation at the finite speed of light, but is augmented by both technology-dependent and implementation-dependent factors. Thus, as technology advances, latency remains almost the same, as it is dominated by its speed of light component. The cost of accessing information from a given distance, however, is measured in missed opportunities, which increase as technology advances. Higher processor clock frequency increases the amount of available resources wasted during any clock period. In addition, the amount of data that can be moved during the latency period increases with transmission bandwidth. The cost of latency is therefore increasingly significant, and while communication bandwidth increases with technology and becomes less expensive, latency, measured in processor clock cycles, becomes more expensive.
SCI attempts to reduce latency by running the links continuously, sending Idle symbols when no packets are being transmitted. In this way a receiver can remain perfectly synchronized at all times, ready for action. SCI packets do not need the prologue that is essential for Ethernet or similar networks. Idle symbols also carry information about the priorities of other nodes, as well as go-bits. Go-bits act like tokens, helping ensure fair use of the links (in order to avoid starvation or deadlock). An SCI node must, however, maintain dual queues in order to keep responses independent of requests. Without dual queues, excessive requests prevent the sending of responses, resulting in deadlock.
Since introduction of the SCI standard in 1994, there have been several papers published proposing improvements in the SCI architecture and protocols. For example, David Gustavson and Qiang Li describe a 2-bit priority scheme in "Local Area Multiprocessor: The Scalable Coherent Interface" (ftp://ftp.SCIzzL.com/u/SCIzzLdocs/WesconLAMP/optvSCCIzzLb.pdf 1995). In another article Dan Picker, Ronald Fellman and Paul Chau discuss an extension to the SCI flow control protocol ("An Extension to the SCI Flow Control Protocol for Increased Network Efficiency", IEEE/ACM Transaction on Networking, February 1996). This activity reflects the fact that despite its revolutionary architecture and performance, there are limiting factors in the current SCI standard.
Contemporary efforts to improve SCI tend to be narrowly focused and threaten to proliferate new SCI-like standards, with

Referring to FIG. 2, a conventional brushless motor for driving media such as CDs includes a rotor R where a turntable T, which is cut from brass, for accommodating a medium is integrally formed at one side of a rotor case K and a magnet M is formed at the other side of the case K, a shaft J for supporting the rotor R, a housing H for rotatably supporting the shaft J, and a stator ST arranged at one side of the housing H for driving the rotor R.
However, since the turntable T for mounting a medium is formed by a brass cutting process, the cost of materials increases and installation thereof is inconvenient. In particular, since verticality of the shaft J is strictly required to drive a medium such as a CD-ROM, the turntable T for mounting the medium is installed on the shaft J and then the turntable T is cut at right angles with respect to the shaft J. However, although brass is relatively easy to cut, while the shaft J is cut, strength is necessarily brought to the shaft J because brass is metal. Accordingly, when strength applied to firmly hold the turntable T is weak, the shaft J is damaged.
Also, to reduce the cost for production, as shown in FIG. 3, a turntable JT formed of resin is used. However, when the turntable JT is used, accurate mounting is required and a thin leaf spring B pressing the inner circumferential portion of a medium is additionally needed to secure support strength with respect to the media.
To solve the above problems, it is an objective of the present invention to provide a brushless motor having a turntable so that a high-priced turntable formed by cutting brass is not needed and the cost for production can be reduced.
It is another objective of the present invention to provide a brushless motor having a turntable which does not use an additional thin leaf spring to press the inner diameter portion of a medium.
It is yet another objective of the present invention to provide a brushless motor for automatically compensating unbalance of a rotation system with a simple structure.
Accordingly, to achieve the above objectives, there is provided a brushless motor having a turntable including a rotor in which a turntable is integrally formed on the outer side of a rotor case and a magnet is arranged on the inner side thereof, a shaft for supporting the rotor, a stator base for supporting the shaft, and a stator formed on a portion of the stator base for driving the rotor,

The monitored event and the guaranteed event are preferably the same type of event, so that a user knows that for example if a “4 of a kind” does not occur normally within a set time, then it will definitely occur at the end of the set amount of gameplay, or for example that a “free game” will definitely occur by a set amount of gameplay and will possibly occur beforehand.
The monitored and guaranteed events do not however have to relate to the same event, and indeed a specific event need not be specified. For example, the monitored event and/or guaranteed event may be one of a number of possible events, so that for example if none of the possible events occurs within a set amount of gameplay, then one of a number of these or other events will be triggered to occur.
The event guarantee indicator may take any suitable form. It may be a numerical display that provides a countdown from an initial gameplay amount, or it may take the form of a gauge, e.g. with a pointer and scale. It may specify the specific event that is guaranteed or the type of event.
The amount of gameplay required for the guarantee to trigger may be determined in any suitable manner. It may for example be a set amount or may be determined randomly (e.g. within a set range), and/or may be varied in accordance with gameplay, e.g. depending on the winnings or bets taken over a preceding period of play.
Preferably, the guarantee gameplay amount will be reset when a monitored event occurs during normal play or when the guaranteed event occurs, and the indicator will e.g. be reset to an initial gameplay amount. When reset, the guaranteed event may take a different form from that of the previous guarantee. This may be determined randomly or in accordance with a preset sequence and/or may vary based on previous gameplay.
Normal triggering of the monitored feature, i.e. before the guarantee gameplay amount has been reached, may occur in any suitable manner. It may for example occur randomly, and/or on the basis of a particular set of circumstances, and/or over an accumulation of plays. It may also occur in relation to a device supplemental to the game itself, e.g. the triggering of a jackpot in a linked jackpot system.
Preferably, the apparatus includes a component for determining the play parameters for the guarantee feature. Thus, when a bonus game or the like is triggered, the play parameters may be e.g. the number of lines

The stored energy of motion, or the kinetic energy, of a rotor is directly related to its angular velocity, as specified by the relationship:
Kinetic Energy=xc2xd(Ixcfx892)
where I is the moment of inertia of the rotor, and where xcfx89 is its angular velocity.
Presently, the most direct manner of limiting rotor energy is to limit the velocity, i.e., the angular velocity or the speed, that the rotor is able to attain. It is also important to limit a rotor to its rated speed to insure its longevity, and the integrity of the samples, containers and centrifugation result.
One manner of rotor speed limitation is achieved by windage limiting the rotor. Windage limitation is a passive speed limitation technique. Windage limitation is the state of equilibrium between delivered motor torque and air friction losses of the rotor at a steady state speed.
Another way to limit rotor speed is to provide an overspeed control system in the instrument that affirmatively, or actively, limits the speed at which each given rotor is allowed to spin. For an active overspeed control system to limit rotor speed effectively it must typically ascertain the identity of the rotor mounted in the instrument.
Rotor identity information may be directly derived from the operator by requiring that the operator input identity information to the control system prior to the initiation of a centrifugation run. However, to protect against the possibility of an operator error, independent rotor identity arrangements are used. These rotor identity arrangements identify the rotor present on the drive shaft of the instrument and, based on this identification, permit the rotor to reach only a predetermined allowable speed.
Various forms of independent rotor identity arrangements are known. In one form each rotor in a rotor family carries a speed decal having bands or sectors of differing light reflectivity. A code is read by an associated sensor at a predetermined low angular velocity. This technique establishes an acceptable maximum rotor speed based on a rate of alternating light and dark pulses. In another form each rotor in the family carries a predetermined pattern of magnets. The magnets are sensed by a suitable detector, typically a Hall Effect device, to read the rotor code. U.S. Pat. No. 4,601,696 to Kamm is representative of this form of rotor identity arrangement.
Other arrangements for independent rotor identity sense a particular parameter of rotor construction in order to identify the rotor. In the arrangement disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,037,371 to Romanauskas, the shape of

Bipolar Junction Transistors, of course, remain among the most widely used semiconductor devices. Heterojunction Bipolar Transistors (HBTs) find use in a number of high power, microwave applications, including cellular telephones, telecommunication equipment, radar equipment, etc. Compared with other devices which operate in the microwave range, such as Gallium Arsenide (GaAs) Field Effect Transistors (FETs), HBT devices realize higher gain amplification in the microwave range. However, as is generally known, an HBT device operates at a relatively high current density, and thus prior art HBTs have inevitably generated heat at a relatively high rate with respect to the device""s area. In order to operate such a prior art HBT, special steps have sometimes been taken to conduct the heat generated at a PN junction formed on a surface of a substrate of an HBT away from the device""s substrate. One prior art technique for releasing internally generated heat from an HBT is discussed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,831,337 of Sato.
Both Single Heterojunction Bipolar Transistors (SHBTs) and Double Heterojunction Bipolar Transistors (DHBTs) are known in the prior art. Generally speaking, in a SHBT, only the emitter has a wider bandgap than the bandgap of the base, while in a DHBT, both the emitter and the collector have a wider bandgap than that of the base. Indium Phosphide (InP) is commonly used as a substrate material upon which group III-V semiconductor devices are formed from layers of semiconductor materials such as AlInAs and GaInAs. While such devices have high speeds desirable for microwave applications, they tend to consume a fair amount of power, which gives rise to the heat generation problems noted above.
As such, there is a continuing need to reduce the power consumption of HBT devices, and the present invention addresses that need. Moreover, there is a continuing need for devices which can operate at still higher frequencies and the present invention addresses that need as well.
The present invention relates to a novel class of BJTs which use p-type InAs. In the preferred embodiments, such a BJT takes the form of an HBT employing InSb-based compositions, particularly InPSb, as a wide-bandgap material. One preferred SHBT embodiment of the invention has an n-type InPSb emitter, p-type InAs base

An example of such an add-on accessory is seen in U.S. Pat. No. 5,082,235, issued to Crowther et al., which discloses a document holder for mounting to a PC monitor comprised of an adjustable clamp for attaching to a PC monitor, and a pair of outward-extending clipboards mounted to the sides of the adjustable clamp. This device allows for documents to be mounted to the clipboards for easy reading or copying.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,385,327, issued to Hegarty et al., discloses a universal document support PC monitor stand. This device is comprised of a horizontal monitor stand having at least one slotted side member coupled perpendicularly to the monitor stand, wherein the side member communicates with the sides of the PC monitor. A plurality of slots imparted into the side member at different heights allow for an armature to be mounted at varying heights, corresponding to a worker's eye level. At the end of the armature can be mounted a clipboard for holding documents.
While the previous devices have made an effort toward saving space by providing a means for mounting documents upon a PC monitor, these devices have fallen short of maximizing the concept of space saving. Specifically, none of these devices have considered mounting an entire office system upon a PC monitor which could not only hold documents, but hold pens, cards, calculators and other office paraphernalia, as well as mount photographs or a mirror, for allowing a worker to maintain a professional office appearance. Additionally, the previous devices have used a series of bulky clamps, or unattractive slotted members, to mount accessories. As a result, these previous devices do not possess a good aesthetic appearance, and in many respects add to the cluttered appearance of an office.
Therefore, a need exists for an entire system which utilizes a PC monitor as a mounting surface, and which allows a plurality of office paraphernalia to be mounted interchangeably thereon. This system would ideally result in a space savings, increase worker efficiency, and have an aesthetic appearance, all in one.
The foregoing patents and other information reflect the state of the art of which the inventor is aware and is tendered with a view toward discharging the inventor's acknowledged duty of candor in disclosing information which may be pertinent to the patentability of the present invention. It is respectfully stipulated, however, that the foregoing patent and other information does not teach or render obvious, singly or when considered in combination, the inventor's

To treat organ disease and organ failure, the use of allogeneic, or non-self, transplantation tissue has become increasingly important in medicine. The use of allografts, however, is limited by the frequent rejection of the graft tissue by the recipient host, because of antigenic differences between the donor and recipient.
The antigenic differences between individual members of the same species are referred to as "alloantigens." When alloantigens are involved in rejection of allogeneic tissue grafts, they are referred to as "histocompatibility antigens." The terms "major histocompatibility antigens" and "major histocompatibility complex" (MHC) refer to the products of a single closely linked region of genes.
These MHC gene products are displayed on cell surfaces and are an important barrier to successful allotransplantation. In humans, the MHC is, by international agreement, referred to as "HLA." The individual letters in this abbreviation have a variety of meanings, including "Human Leukocyte (or Lymphocyte) Antigen" and "Histocompatibility Locus Antigen." (Carpenter, C. B., in Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine, ed. E. Braunwald et al., (McGraw-Hill, New York, 1987, page 337.)
Graft rejection is the consequence of an immune response to the histocompatibility antigens. Allografts generally survive for a period of days to weeks. However, they subsequently become inflamed and infiltrated with lymphocytes and monocytes, and the tissue eventually becomes necrotic. In the case of a skin graft, the grafted tissue is sloughed from the skin. However, in the case of a vital organ such as the heart, the sequelae of tissue rejection can be fatal to the recipient.
Following transplant into a human, a donor heart is closely monitored for signs of graft rejection. Most commonly, rejection is monitored by biopsying the donor heart tissue. A recent study described the performance of endomyocardial biopsies on cardiac transplant recipients weekly for the first 8 weeks after transplant, every other week for the next 8 weeks, monthly for the next year, and every 3-4 months for the remainder of the patient's life. (Ahmed-Ansari, A. et al., Transplantation 45:972-978 (1988)).
The biopsied tissue is then studied histologically for indicia of tissue rejection. A grade of rejection is determined on the basis of the degree of infiltration by leukocytes. (Ah

For example, wavefronts encounter the issue of branch divergence when software threads associated with the same wavefront must execute different paths of a software branch (e.g. a conditional branch instruction or an if/else condition). Because the software threads associated with a same wavefront execute in lockstep on the same execution unit, the execution unit must execute both paths of the software branch as required by the various software threads associated with the wavefront. As such, when the execution unit executes one path, the software threads requiring the alternate path to be executed are held idle (e.g. need to wait until the first path is executed). Likewise, when the execution unit executes the alternate path, the software threads that required the first path are held idle. Not until both paths are processed does the execution unit begin re-executing all of the software threads associated with the same wavefront. In such a situation, the overall processing power of the processing device is not fully utilized, as software threads are sitting idle rather than being executed.
A similar issue arises when wavefronts encounter the issue of memory latency divergence. Memory latency divergence arises when software threads associated with the same wavefront execute memory operations that may take longer than others. For example, while there may be one or more software threads associated with a wavefront that take less time to execute memory operations (e.g. reads or writes to cache memory), there may be one or more other software threads associated with the same wavefront that may take more time to execute memory operations (e.g. reads or writes to main memory). In this situation, because the software threads associated with the same wavefront execute in lockstep, the software threads that execute memory operations that take less time to execute must wait until the software threads that execute memory operations that take more time to execute to complete before all software threads may start again to execute together in lockstep. As with the issue of branch diversion, memory latency divergence causes inefficiencies in the execution of software threads, thus reducing the overall processing power of a processing device.
To address the aforementioned problems caused by branch divergence and memory latency divergence (as well as other issues as recognized by persons skilled in the art), current proposals provide for dynamic wavefront creation, allowing a software thread to migrate from one execution unit to another. In this fashion, software threads following similar software paths, or accessing similar memory such that memory access times are similar, are grouped together to create a new wavefront that will execute on a particular execution unit. In so

To begin with, when the solid phase boron diffusion is carried out from boron nitride (BN), it is necessary to apply heat treatment at a temperature ranging from 900.degree. to 1000.degree. C. for about 90 to 120 minutes in order to ensure the uniform distribution of boron throughout polycrystalline silicon layer 3. However, gate oxide layer 2 used with a minute MOS transistor is as thin as 100 to 150 .ANG., and further is possessed of a large boron diffusion coefficient. If, therefore, the abovementioned high temperature heat treatment is performed for very long, boron undesirably tends to diffuse into substrate 1 beyond gate oxide layer 2, thereby giving rise to a drop in the withstand voltage of gate oxide layer 2 and variations in the threshold voltage of the resultant transistor. Consequently, the conventional solid phase boron diffusion from boron nitride BN presents difficulties in providing a minute transistor having thin gate oxide layer 2.
Further, the vapor phase boron diffusion in an gaseous atmosphere of boron trichloride (BCl.sub.3) also involves the same conditions as in the case of solid phase boron diffusion from boron nitride (BN) and encounters the above-mentioned difficulties.
On the other hand, the implantation of boron ion B.sup.+ is accompanied with the drawbacks that since the boron source is far from the polycrystalline silicon layer, and channeling readily takes place, it is impossible to ensure a peak boron concentration in the depth of polycrystalline silicon layer. When, therefore, polycrystalline silicon layer 3 has a thickness of 4000 .ANG., the acceleration energy of B.sup.+ is set at about 40 keV, and the region of peak boron concentration is set at a point about 1300 .ANG. from the surface of polycrystalline layer 3. If, in this case, it is desired to ensure a uniform boron concentration in polycrystalline silicon layer 3, it will be necessary to perform annealing at a temperature of 950.degree. C. for more than 2 hours. However, annealing continued for such a long time is accompanied with the drawbacks that boron is diffused into silicon substrate 1 beyond gate oxide layer 2 as in the aforementioned case, leading to a drop in the withstand voltage of gate oxide layer 2 and variations in the threshold voltage of a transistor.
Further, the literature "A JMOS Transistor Fabricated with 100-.ANG. Low-Pressure Nitrided-Oxide Gate Dielectric (IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON E

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a vehicle-interior illuminator, and particularly relates to an improvement of a method of attaching a light source in an illuminator for illuminating an inside handle portion.
The present application is based on Japanese Patent Application No. Hei. 11-368177, which is incorporated herein by reference.
2. Description of the Related Art
An illuminator intended to improve the visibility of an inside handle portion is known as a vehicle-interior illuminator. For example, in an illuminator disclosed in JP-A-11-105547, a light source is disposed on a support plate provided at the rear of an inside handle vessel, so that light from the light source is taken out to a front surface of the inside handle vessel through a gap (window) between the inside handle vessel and an inside handle so as to illuminate the inside handle portion. In the work of assembling such an illuminator, the light source is first attached to the support plate, and the inside handle vessel and the inside handle are thereafter installed.
In the aforementioned background-art illuminator, the position of the light source and the position of the window for taking out light from the light source are adjusted when the inside handle vessel and the inside handle are installed. To say other words, it is necessary to install the inside handle and so on while the position of the light source, the position of the inside handle, and so on, are adjusted finely. In addition, it is necessary to design individual parts in consideration of the position where the light source is attached and the positions where the inside handle vessel and so on are installed.
On the other hand, in a recent process of assembling a car, modularized parts are used to improve the efficiency of working. That is, modules in which some parts are combined with one another are prepared in advance and set in predetermined positions. Also in the inside handle portion, an inside handle module in which a door trim vessel, an inside handle, and so on, are combined with one another is prepared in advance and installed in a predetermined position of a door trim. Since such modularized parts are increased in size in comparison with individual parts, it becomes more difficult to adjust the installation positions of the modularized parts finely when they are installed.
The present invention has been developed to solve the foregoing problems. It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide an inside handle portion illuminator in which fine position adjustment is made unnecessary in the work of

The present invention relates to decorative devices and particularly to a set of parts in a generally flat configuration which can be assembled easily to resemble a multi-looped ribbon bow.
Decorative bow knots have long been made in ribbons used to secure gift packages. A certain amount of skill and dexterity is required to make attractive bow knots which contain more than a single pair of loops of such ribbon, and fancy hand-tied bows of ribbon may therefore be quite costly. Simulated bow knots are commercially available at low cost in which a number of loops of ribbon are stapled or similarly fastened to a backing member, with the individual loops separated angularly so that the device resembles a multi-looped bow knot. The base member of such a bow can be fastened decoratively to a package by the use of an adhesive layer. Such bows, however, are of quite limited size and occupy a significant amount of space if stored.
Ribbon bows for gift packages can also be made by machines which are able to use fabric ribbon of readily available widths, for example up to about an inch wide. Such bows are also limited in size, however, to rosette diameters of a few inches.
While large bows can be made by tying appropriate ribbon, the ribbon material of which such bows must be made, to be attractive, is quite costly, and the process of tying such bows in an attractive form is difficult and time-consuming. Furthermore, such hand-tied bows occupy large amounts of space if stored for possible reuse, and are not likely to have as good an appearance when reused as when freshly tied.
Decorative bows of much larger size than those currently available could be used attractively in advertising and sales displays such as in automobile showrooms and similar locations, to attract attention to large products offered for sale.
Artificial flowers have been made of ribbon passed through circular holes arranged on a disc-like base, as shown in Wilson U.S. Pat. No. 1,542,432, but these artificial flowers are not easily disassembled for reuse or storage and do not have the appearance of a hand-tied ribbon bow.
What is desired, then, is a structure for large decorative bows having multiple loops, which present an attractive, rosette-like appearance. Such bows should be relatively inexpensive by comparison to hand-tied ribbon bows of similar size and should be easily assembled and able to be disassembled into

FIG. 12 generally shows a logical format of a recording-type double-layer DVD in the PTP system while FIG. 13 generally shows a logical format of a recording-type double-layer DVD in the OTP system. In FIGS. 12 and 13, the left hand corresponds to the central side of the optical disk while the right hand corresponds to the peripheral side of the optical disk.
As shown in FIG. 12, in each layer of a first recording layer and a second recording layer, from the central side of the optical disk, a lead-in zone (LEAD-IN ZONE), a data zone (DATA ZONE) and a lead-out zone (LEAD-OUT ZONE) are provided. In other words, in each layer of the first and second recording layers, data is written from the central side toward the peripheral side of the optical disk. It is noted that, in the PTP system, a radial position of an address at which the data zone starts is equal between the first and second layer. For example, each of both starts at a physical address of 30000H.
As shown in FIG. 13, in a first recording layer, from the central side of the optical disk, a lead-in zone (LEAD-IN ZONE), a data zone (DATA ZONE) and a middle zone (MIDDLE ZONE) are provided. In a second recording layer, from the peripheral side of the optical disk, a middle zone (MIDDLE ZONE), a data zone (DATA ZONE) and a lead-out zone (LEAD-OUT ZONE) are provided. In other words, in the first recording layer, data is written from the central side toward the peripheral side of the optical disk, while, in the second recording layer, data is written from the peripheral side toward the central side of the optical disk. It is noted that, in the OTP system, a radial position of an address at which the data zone starts in the second recording layer is equal to a radial position of an address at which the data zone ends in the first recording layer. Further, a physical address at which the data zone starts in the second recording layer is an address bit-inverted from an address at which the data zone ends in the first recording layer.
Thus, in the logical format in the recording-type double-layer DVD, the data other than the user data (for example, the lead-in (LEAD-IN)

The present invention relates to a novel electrical conduit system for encasing and protecting flexible wires or cables, being particularly adapted to adhere to the stricter levels of the electrical code.
Description of the Currently Available Technology
In construction and architectural applications, electrical conduit systems are used to encase and protect flexible delicate or dangerous lines or cables, such as electrical power lines, telephone lines, fiber optic cables, computer network cables, etc. Such electrical conduit systems are used, for example, within the walls of buildings, underground, and for exposed above-ground outdoor applications. Conventional electrical conduit systems consist of individual conduit sections or pieces usually made of rigid material, such as galvanized or stainless steel, PVC, or aluminum, coupled together to form the conduit system, generally referred to as a “conduit run”.
Examples of conventional electrical conduit pieces include the following: straight conduit sections, generally of several feet in length and in varying diameters, with exterior or male threads on each end; nipples, which generally are shorter straight conduit sections of various diameters with exterior or male threads on each end; and elbows, which are generally bent or curved conduit sections also with exterior or male threads on each end. By standard convention, the threads on the ends of the conventional conduit pieces are all right hand threads. Adjacent conduit pieces are connected together by a female coupling having continuous, internal right hand threads.
To construct a conventional electrical conduit system, a first conduit piece, for example a nipple, is secured at one end of the conduit run, usually at the feed end. A female coupling is then screwed onto the outer end of the first conduit piece until seated. Then, a second conduit piece, for example a straight ten-foot section or an elbow, is inserted into the other end of the female coupling and turned to thread it into the female coupling to connect the second conduit piece to the first conduit piece. Additional conduit pieces, connected by additional female couplings, are successively added to form the electrical conduit system. The sections or pieces may be attached to walls or suspended from a ceiling by various known methods.
There are, however, several drawbacks to conventional electrical conduit systems. Although conventional electrical conduit systems are generally acceptable for protecting cables, once formed it becomes difficult to reenter or access an intermediate section of the conduit system. Such reentry typically entails complete disassembly of the conduit system from one end to the point of desired access due to the successive coupling of each conduit piece to form the conduit system. This disassembly is often both

      s    p    =            [                                                  s              ^                        p                    ,          …          ⁢                                          ,                                    s              ^                        p                                    ︷                      P            /                          SF              3                                          ]        ∈                  ⁢          ℜ              P        ×        1            is a spreading vector for a common pilot channel (CPICH), wherein SF3=256 (typical value) is a spreading factor of a pilot signal,
      L    p    =      P          SF      3      is a number of parallel pilots per TTI, ŝp ∈ SF3×1 is one assigned K3-bit Walsh code vector, Ap ∈ Lp×Lp is a diagonal matrix with pilot energy, bp ∈ CLp×1 is a pilot vector per TTI.
3. Conventional RAKE Receiver
The conventional RAKE receiver (RAKER) neglects the MAI induced by its own spreading codes and SUI induced by co-existing interfering speech users and CPICH interference so Equation 1 can be rewritten for the RAKER as followsrraker=HShAhbh+(IMAI+ISUI+ICPICH)+n,   (2)so that a hard-decision (HD) data estimated by RAKER can be written as{circumflex over (b)}dec(z)=dec(AhHShHHHrraker),   (3)Wherein dec( ) is a decision device based on modulation alphabets, z is a SD output of RAKER, and ( )H denotes a complex conjugate transpose operation.
Common Pilot cancellation in UE has recently gained attention for CDMA cellular networks and it has been shown that the network capacity can be significantly improved as described in 3GPP TR 25.991: Feasibility study on the mitigation of the effect of the common pilot channel (CPICH) interference at the user equipment, 2002, and in 3GPP R4-01-1232, Motorola, “CPICH Cancellation Complexity.”
Since the UE has the knowledge of the CPICH on power, spreading codes and pilot symbols for channel estimation, the interference induced by the CPICH can be subtracted directly as follows{tilde over (r)}=r−ICPICH=r−HSpApbp.   (4)
Then the same RAKER principle of Equation 3 can be applied for the received

An object of the present invention is to provide an injection molding machine whose mechanical strength (fixation strength) has been increased greatly in order to prevent inclination of a mold attachment plate and/or an injection apparatus to thereby improve durability and prevent occurrence of a malfunction.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an injection molding machine employing tie-bars which provide various functions in order to reduce cost and to eliminate an additional cost which would otherwise be required to secure a sufficient mechanical strength of a mechanism for fixing or supporting the mold attachment plate and the injection apparatus.
To achieve the above objects, the present invention provides an injection molding machine which is equipped with an injection apparatus support mechanism comprising at least one main tie-bar disposed to extend between a mold attachment plate and a back plate disposed to face each other; front and rear support plates connected to each other via at least one auxiliary tie-bar and slidably supported by the main tie-bar; and an intermediate support block slidably supported by the main and auxiliary tie-bars, and in which a barrel is provided on the front support plate; a screw rotation drive section for rotating a screw inserted into the barrel is provided on the intermediate support block; a screw reciprocation drive section for advancing and retracting the screw rotation drive section is provided on the rear support plate; and an injection-apparatus reciprocation drive section for advancing and retracting the rear support plate is provided on the back plate.
Since the mold attachment plate and the back plate are supported by the main tie-bar, preferably a pair of the main tie-bars disposed symmetrically with respect to the screw, a sufficient level of mechanical strength (fixation strength) is secured for the mold attachment plate and the back plate. In addition, since the front support plate and the rear support plate are connected to each other by the auxiliary tie-bar, preferably, a pair of the auxiliary tie-bars disposed symmetrically with respect to the screw at positions different from those of the main tie-bars, the mechanical strength of these plates is secured. In this case, since the main tie-bar supports (guides) the front and rear support plates, the main tie-bar provides a support function and a guide function for the front and rear support plates. In addition, since the main and auxiliary tie-bars support (guide) the intermediate support block, the main and auxiliary tie-bars provide a support function and a guide function for the intermediate support block. Meanwhile, since the rear support plate is advanced and

The red-ball method of making a purity adjustment is accomplished with only the red gun of the cathode ray tube operating. The deflection coil assembly is pulled back on the neck of the cathode ray tube as far as it will go to place a red ball on the center of the cathode ray tube screen. The purity magnets are adjusted so that the center of the red ball is at the center of the cathode ray tube screen. If the cathode ray tube has a center beam landing precompression feature, the red ball is adjusted to be located slightly offset from the screen center in the direction of the red gun of the tube. Once the purity magnets have been adjusted to accomplish this location of the red ball, the yoke assembly is relocated to its correct axial position and final adjustments are made to give a pure red raster over the entire screen. The determination of the proper location of the red ball for the purity adjustment and the determination of the purity of color of the red raster over the entire screen are subjective determinations made by the operator effecting the adjustments.
The red-ball purity adjustment method is a popular one because of its simplicity. This method, however, only results in an approximate purity setting, since the purity adjustment is effected with the deflection yoke pulled back from its normal operating position. The error introduced by making the purity adjustment in this manner generally is small enough that it does not noticeably affect the operation of the cathode ray tube. It is possible, however, to make a purity adjustment by this method which includes substantial error significant enough to be readily observable when the television receiver is subsequently operated.
Another method which has been developed for making a color purity adjustment is a modification of the red-ball method. This modified method operates with the deflection yoke assembly of the cathode ray tube in its normal operating position. The red gun then is placed in operation, the green and blue guns are turned off. A circular coil then is placed in front of the screen on which the unmodulated red raster is displayed. A direct current is passed through the coil and the resulting field rotates the beam landing around the center of the coil to cause a clearly defined red ball to appear at the approximate center of the coil. The actual location of the ball depends upon the adjustment of the color purity magnets which then can be adjusted until the red ball appears in the center of the auxiliary coil. To aid the operator in making a purity adjustment with this method, a template may be positioned inside the coil to indicate the size and location of the red ball for a

As wheelchairs come in diverse designs, it would not have been obvious to provide a cleaning apparatus that can be adapted to a variety of designs and structures without some level of customization. Applicant discovered that there are two major types of wheelchairs, i.e., one with an axle connecting the two push wheels of the wheelchair and another without an axle, but that is often “foldable” or “collapsible.” The latter type is however constructed from a frame having at least one bar in the vicinity of a wheel that is orientated in a direction parallel to the normal direction of travel of the wheelchair (or at a right angle to the axis of rotation of the push wheels of the wheelchair).
Several cleaning apparatuses have been devised to clean wheelchair wheels. However, these apparatuses are only suitable and configured to be mounted on specific types of wheelchairs. U.S. Pat. No. 4,605,239 to Warfel (hereinafter Warfel) discloses a tire and wheel cleaner for cleaning the wheels of wheelchairs. A mounting bracket is attached to the frame of the wheelchair and holds a support arm in one of several user-selected positions. In one such position, a curved brush attached to the support arm is placed into contact with the large wheel of the wheelchair such that the wheel is cleaned as the wheelchair moves along. This disclosure shows a cleaner which can be mounted with minimal hardware to a wheelchair. The mounting location of the cleaner, however, is less than ideal as the debris dislodged by the cleaner may be reacquired or fail to fall off from the cleaner.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,857,238 to Jmill (hereinafter Jmill) discloses a cleaning device assembly for vehicle tires, including a disposable cleaning cartridge, a shell, a connecting arm, and means for securing the connecting arm to a vehicle. The cleaning cartridge fits snugly over a vehicle tire, and is adjustable to accommodate tires of various widths. The cartridge includes a bristle brush or sponge liner for removing debris from a tire, and is secured to the shell with an adhesive or other means. The shell is adjustable relative to the connecting arm, which is further adjustable relative to the vehicle on which the cleaning device is mounted. This disclosure shows a cleaning device using one or two adjustable arms to secure a cleaning head (shell with cleaning cartridge). As ball/socket joints are used in such device, such device is not sufficiently sturdy if it is adopted to be used on a wheelchair even with lockable

Most high current ion implantation systems rely on electron trapping to compensate for the space charge of the ion beam. Electrons generated by ion beam ionization of a background gas can be trapped when such ionization occurs within the positive potential of the beam. The rate of ionization is determined by the collision frequency between ions and gas molecules, N.sigma.1I.sub.b. N is the residual gas density, .sigma. is the cross section for the reaction, 1 is the beam path length, and I.sub.b is the ion beam current. At 20.degree. C., N is 3.3.times.10.sup.16 molecules.torr.sup.-1 cm.sup.-3. A typical cross section .sigma. is 10.sup.-15 cm.sup.2 and 1 is for example, 20 cm within a high gas pressure region of a typical implanter. Typical implant pressures are 10.sup.-5 to 10.sup.-4 torr which leads to an ionization rate of 0.0066 to 0.066 per beam particle. This ionization rate is adequate to maintain space charge neutrality if the electrons produced by the collisions are not lost due to external voltage sources attracting them from the beam.
In some high current ion implantation systems, a gas is deliberately leaked into the beam line to enhance the ionization process thereby providing space charge neutralization of the ion beam. The ionization efficiency of the ion beam at allowable gas pressures is, however, too low to permit use of a gas leak for control of wafer charging.
A plasma bridge can be used for neutralizing an ion beam and in principle can be used to control wafer surface charging simultaneously. Using this approach, a plasma is generated and bridged with the ion beam to provide a high current source of low energy electrons. The major shortcoming of this system is the high gas load presented to the system.
There are a number of known variations on the theme of electron shower systems. Most of these systems use low energy secondary electrons which are flooded directly onto wafers during implantation. The major shortcoming of this technique is that the spatial distribution of unlike charges is not equal. There is a negative halo around the positively charged beam center. This characteristic causes devices on the surfaces of wafers to be charged first negatively, then positively, and finally negatively, as the wafer passes through the beam. The net residual charge after the pass may be zero, but damage can be caused during the pass.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,463,

As an example of such a logic circuit testing apparatus, an apparatus for scan-testing a VLSI has been disclosed in "INTERNATIONAL TEST CONFERENCE 1985 PROCEEDINGS", pages 431 to 436.
FIG. 10 shows the VLSI testing apparatus disclosed in the above literature. A disk 202 on which test data formed by a general purpose computer was recorded, a CRT 203 to display an operating state or the like, and a line printer 204 to print out the results of the tests are connected to a host CPU 201 comprising a general purpose computer. On the other hand, n logic test stations (LTSs) 21l to 21n are connected to the host CPU 201 by means of a block multiplexer channel, thereby enabling a plurality of VLSIs to be simultaneously tested.
In the scan test, the logic circuits to be tested are divided into a plurality of subnetworks in order to make it easy to execute the tests. Each of the subnetworks comprises: a group of input side latches; a group of output side latches; and a combination logic block among those latch groups. Each combination logic block scans in input data for tests to the input side latch group and then scans out the output data from the output side latch group and compares with expected values, thereby individually executing the tests. A series of test patterns are prepared for each subnetwork. Each bit of each test pattern is assigned to a virtual pin number of the corresponding subnetwork. The test data is transferred from the host computer to a test pattern buffer in the testing apparatus. The test patterns are sequentially transferred from the test pattern buffer to a local storage. Addresses in the local storage correspond to the sequence in which the data stored in the local storage is applied to the tester pin group. The bit position in each address corresponds to the tester pin number assigned to the bit. When each test pattern is transferred from the test pattern buffer to the local storage, a converter converts the virtual pin number into the address and bit position (tester pin number) in the local storage.
It is often confirmed that at the test execution stage, the test data needs to be partially changed. For instance, this is because the test data itself is improper or the test data formed on the basis of only a logic structure becomes improper due to an influence by circuit characteristics. However, as well as the above scan testing apparatus, conventional testing apparatuses cannot change the test data. The change of test data must be executed by other proper apparatus, for instance, a host

In a semiconductor device, active elements are disposed over a silicon substrate, and, if necessary, passive elements such as capacitors are also disposed over the silicon substrate together with the active elements. Electric connection paths for signal transfers may be required between two elements where each element may be active or passive. Typically, the electrical connection paths are formed by disposing conductive layers between the elements in a contact structure.
FIG. 1 is a cross-sectional view of landing plug contacts in a semiconductor device. Referring to FIG. 1, device isolation layers 102 define an active region in a silicon substrate 100, and impurity regions 112 and 114 are disposed within the active region. Each area between the impurity regions 112 and 114 defines a channel region where a channel is formed under a predetermined condition. A gate stack 120 is disposed over each channel region. The gate stack 120 includes a gate dielectric layer 121, a gate conductive layer 122, and a gate hard mask layer 123. A gate spacer layer 130 is formed at each sidewall of the gate stack 120. Landing plug contacts 142 and 144 are formed over the impurity regions 112 and 114 which are exposed by the gate stack 120 and the gate spacer layers 130. The landing plug contacts 142 and 144 are conductive layers that are coupled to a storage node contact and a bit line contact in order that the landing plug contacts 142 and 144 are coupled to a capacitor and a bit line, respectively. In FIG. 1, the landing plug contact 142 is coupled to the bit line contact, and the land plug contact 144 is coupled to the storage node contact.
The landing plug contacts 142 and 144 are usually formed using polycrystalline silicon because of its sufficient conductivity. A chemical vapor deposition (CVD) process, and in particular, a low pressure CVD (LPCVD) process is commonly used to form the landing plug contacts 142 and 144.
FIG. 2 is a graph of temperature inside a chamber during a LPCVD process of forming a conductive polycrystalline silicon layer. In FIG. 2, line 210 shows an inside temperature of an LPCVD chamber. A silicon substrate 100 is loaded in to an LPCVD chamber during a loading period t1 when a loading temperature A1 is maintained. The loading temperature A1 may be, for example, approximately 400° C.
The inside temperature of the chamber is increased to a process temperature A2 during a temperature rise period t2. After the inside temperature of the chamber is increased to the process temperature A2, the chamber temperature is maintained at temperature A2 during

It is known to provide tunneling machines in which an excavating head for removing the subterranean structures in advance of the tunneling machine are moved in a direction of tunnel cutting by hydraulic cylinder arrangements or the like. Behind the tunneling head, which is carried on a leading shield, a trailing shield may be provided to enclose the space within the tunnel by lining the tunnel wall temporarily.
These shields are moved as the machine excavates and progresses through the tunnel and the trailing shield may be provided with an apron or falsework (annular form) which can temporarily close an annular space formed between casing sections which are removably assembled in the tunnel and the wall so that concrete or some other hardenable composition can be continuously emplaced around these casing sections with the concrete front advancing as the falsework or form apron is progressively advanced together with the machine shields.
The piston-and-cylinder arrangements, hereinafter referred to as cylinder units, which connect the falsework apron or form to the shields, are generally angularly equispaced at the rear end of the trailing shield.
Along the periphery of the shields, moreover, a number of shield-advancing cylinder units can be provided, also in an angularly equispaced relationship. This allows, for example, upon extension of the latter cylinder units, the advance of the leading shield relative to the trailing shield and, upon contraction of the latter units, the drawing of the trailing shield toward the leading shield.
An excavating machine operating in accordance with these principles is described in German Patent Document No. 30 15 210. Reference may also be had to U.S. Pat. No. 4,436,448 (corresponding to German Patent Document 29 52 744).
In the prior art machine of the German Patent Document No. 30 15 210 the leading shield and the trailing shield are connected directly to one another and a decoupling device is provided to enable the movement of the leading shield to be temporarily decoupled from the movement of the trailing shield. In this system the decoupling device is disposed at the rear of the trailing shield and comprises a plurality of blades which are distributed over the periphery of the trailing shield. Each of these blades is provided with a blade actuating cylinder unit.
This arrangement has been found to be highly complex, difficult to operate and incapable of satisfactorily allowing the progress of concrete emplacement simultaneously with the excavating operation.
In other words, the concrete emplacement frequently required the shutting down of the tunnel excavation or could not keep

2. Description of the Related Art
Along with the progress of the digital technology, people's entertainment also becomes digitalized. For example, the digital video disc (DVD) player is a commonly used video playing apparatus in family life nowadays. Since the DVD player basically supports Dolby Digital or Digital Theater System (DTS) decoding functions, it can decode the digital signal and provide the analog signal to speakers for sounding.
In order to have a high quality digital AV entertainment life, a multi-channel speaker is a mandatory device, and the 5.1 channel speakers are a base of the multi-channel speaker.
FIG. 1 is a schematic diagram of a home theater with 5.1 channel speakers. Referring to FIG. 1, when a DVD player 100 is playing an AV title, different sound signals are respectively provided to a left speaker 102a of the front main channel, a right speaker 102b of the front main channel, a center speaker 104, a left speaker 106a of the surround channel, a right speaker 106b of the surround channel, and a subwoofer speaker 108, so as to generate a 3D sound effect and to provide an environment for simulating a real theater effect.
However, an earphone is required for listening audio when it is not suitable to use the speaker (e.g. to prevent from disturbing others). Referring to FIG. 2A, since a general earphone 200a only has one speaker 210 at its left and right side portion respectively, it is not possible for a user to enjoy the multi-channel sound effect provided by the DVD player.
Therefore, an earphone with more speakers as shown in FIG. 2B is disclosed in the prior art. The earphone 200b comprises a front main speaker 202, a center speaker 204, and a surround speaker 206 at both sides of the earphone 200b. A special design plug 208 is also provided, such that the DVD player can provide the audio signal of different channel to different speaker via the plug 208 to generate the home theater sound effect by the 5.1 channel speakers as shown in FIG. 1. However, the conventional earphone 200b uses a digital design (e.g. digital circuit design) to control a delay time of the output audio signal, thus the sound field is rather poor. Comparing to the home theater sound effect of the 5.1 channel speakers as shown in FIG. 1, its sound effect is far behind and is too poor to express the quality and effect of the

The present invention relate to cooking vessels, and more poarticularly pertains to a new and improved self-draining pot apparatus which enables the cooking and steaming of food within said vessel with the subsequent draining of fluid utilized in the cooking procedure through floor mounted openings within said vessel.
2. Descriptoin of the Prior Art
The use of cooking vessels of various types is well known in the prior art. As may be appreciated, the cooking vessels utilized particularly with the steaming and boiling of foods, such as vegetables, has presented a somewhat cumbersome arrangement upon the culmination of the cooking procedure requiring draining of the aforenote fluid, such as water. Understandably, this fluid is of an elevated temperature and the removal thereof presents potential danger of contact with a user therof during a disposal procedure. Multi-purpose cooking vessels have been utilized in the prior art and in this connection there have been attempts to develop multi-purpose vessels which may be utilized for dual purposes, such as U.S. Pat. No. 2,579,258 to Heckert wherein a griddle arrangement formed with a handle has associted therewith a spatula nestable within the griddle provided with a conduit directed channel at a plurality of corners of the griddle to enable removal of grease within the griddle or vessel. The spatula handle and the griddle handle are nestable one upon the other for convenience of plural usage of the associated apparatus. While an effective solution for the use of a griddle and an enclosed spatula arrangement, the Heckert patent provides only a means of directing grease from within the griddle and not any means of providing a draining thereof without the associated tipping and manipulation of the vessel itself.
U.S. Pat. No. 2,638,839 to Raiteri sets forth a beverage urn wherein a valve and a conduit is provided in an underlying relationship to the beverage urn to release of fluid within the urn. The Raiteri patent, while of interest relative to the utilization of a valving arrangement, is formed with a chamber associated with a conduit valve directing such water to a coffee making organization and accordingly is of an organization and apparatus relatively remote from the instant invention.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,592,668 to Denk provides a pressure cooking vessel providing for selective discharge of fluid within the vessel wherein enclosed foods within the vessel are subject to accelerated cooking time while simultaneously circulating heat energy, cooling the foods, and discharging the heat and pressure as desired

By way of background, electron beam evaporation sources have been used as a convenient means for evaporating high vapor temperature material such as uranium and other refractory metal elements. Such a technique has been found to be useful for the evaporation of uranium in high quantities for production level isotope separation as discussed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,772,519 and 3,944,825, both assigned to the assignee hereof. As used in such apparatus, it is preferable to employ a linear electron beam evaporation source such as described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,058,667 and 4,000,423, both assigned to the assignee hereof, to provide a long line source of uranium vapor for subsequent isotopically selective ionization and separation. Such a vapor source is also preferably operated at a high vaporization rate for increased enrichment efficiency. In order to achieve high efficiency at high vaporization rates, it is critical that the vapor flux density be as uniform as possible.
In electron beam evaporation sources utilizing an elongated linear filament, the above-mentioned vapor flux modulations are a function of the current utilized to heat the filament. Under ordinary circumstances, 60 Hz heater current is employed. As a result, the emission current caused by the flow of electrons from a filament to a melt of vapor-generating material modulates at 120 Hz with its minima corresponding to the heater current maxima and minima. This electron beam fluctuation is caused by "trapping" of electrons near the filament by the magnetic field produced by the heater current. That is, the Larmor force on the electrons from the magnetic field encircling the filament causes some of the electrons to be driven back toward the filament. Since the electrons are driven back to the filament on a periodic basis, the intensity of the electron beam fluctuates in a periodic fashion, which in turn results in the vapor density fluctuating in a like periodic fashion. When vapor flux density modulations are measured using the background ion current, vapor flux density modulations follow the emission current modulations. In prior art systems, vapor flux density modulations have been measured as high as 50% in uranium evaporators.
While it might be thought that the vapor flux modulation problem could be solved by the use of a d.c.-heated filament, analysis shows that the lifetimes of the a.c. heated filaments are at least an order of magnitude greater than the lifetimes of corresponding d.c.-driven filaments. The use of an a.c. filament drive is exceptionally important for the

In the context of this patent, “high temperature range” is intended to mean a temperature range in which special materials which withstand the high temperatures have to be used for the plug-type connector and the cable. As a rule, these are temperatures of more than 120° C. The upper temperature limit of plug-type connectors and cables which are used in the high temperature range is as a rule 250° C. It is clear that, depending on materials used for the plug-type connector and the cable, other temperature limits applicable to the special materials define the high temperature range.
It is known that plug-type connectors can be used for room temperature range. By injecting a housing around the contact carrier and the cable, a completely assembled plug-type connector having a certain cable of certain length is produced. On encapsulating the contact element and the cable with a material which can be used at room temperature, a fluid-tight connection between the injection material forming the housing and the outer sheath of the cable or the contact carrier is produced. This is desirable in most applications because, for example, water entering the plug-type connector might cause a fault in the connection.
DE 100 58 265 C1 and DE 200 04 565 U1 disclose plug-type connectors for underground use. The known plug-type connectors have a housing which mechanically holds and seals the contact carrier by means of sealing elements. The housing is sealed from the cable with a shaped part which consists of a permanently elastic casting or injection moulding material made of plastic. For better sealing, a gasket surrounding the cable sheath is enclosed in a section of the shaped part which extends outside the plug sleeve. These known plug-type connectors have the disadvantage that the shaped part is cast or injection moulded only around the gasket. The gasket can therefore acquire an additional sealing effect only if a weld joint is produced between the shaped part and the gasket. When materials which can withstand higher temperatures are used, the desired welding between the shaped part and the gasket is not possible. These known plug-type connectors are therefore not suitable for high-temperature use.
In the high temperature range, it is necessary to use other materials for the encapsulating material, the contact carrier and the outer sheath of the cable, which can withstand the higher temperatures. These materials comprise heat-resistant plastics. In the case of these materials, there is a problem that they are not welded to one another during the encapsulation process, so that the materials do not form a joint with one another or

The action of procaine hydrochloride is known to the extent that procaine hydrochloride reduces membrane permeability to cations, especially to sodium ions and, in higher concentrations, also potassium ions. Because of this, a reduced excitability of nerve fibers can be achieved, depending on the concentration, because the sudden rise in sodium permeability necessary for the development of action potential is reduced. Membrane stabilization is based on the storing of lipophilic local anesthetics in the cellular membrane, so that ion channels, especially sodium channels, are blocked.
However, it is also known that the resorption of local anesthetics, and therefore also the resorption of procaine hydrochloride, is problematic and their usefulness is therefore limited. The resorption of procaine hydrochloride depends on the vascularization and blood flow at the site of injection, insofar as procaine hydrochloride is administered by injection. The latent period prior to the onset of action is 1-2 minutes in the case of infiltration and 15-20 minutes in the case of epidural anesthesia. The duration of action is 1-2 hours. In general, due to the low resorbability of procaine hydrochloride, only the smallest dose by which the desired adequate nerve blockade can be achieved may be administered. Dosage is determined on the basis of the peculiarities of the individual case (see the monograph "Procaine as Injection Solution", published in the German Federal Gazette No. 144 of 8/3/1994, Bundesinstitut fur Arzneimittel and Medizinprodukte). It is recommended herein that, when applied in tissues from which a rapid resorption of substances is carried out, an individual dose may not exceed 500 mg of procaine hydrochloride without addition of vasoconstrictors or 600 mg of procaine hydrochloride with addition of vasoconstrictors. Numerous additional precautionary indications must be taken into consideration. In this connection, its high osmolarity is of 290 mOsmol and the low pH between 4.0 and 6.0 are disadvantageous.
As a result, it was formerly supposed that procaine hydrochloride is not suitable for continuous application. When administered in the conventional manner, pain, redness, heat buildup and swelling occur at the injection site within a short period following injection. When injected subcutaneously, liquid chambers occur 20 along with the above-mentioned complaints, likewise as a result of the insufficient resorption rate for procaine hydrochloride in the subcutaneous tissue. When injected in peripheral veins, thromboph

A typical CDMA communication system includes a number of mobile subscriber units that encode voice and data in CDMA waveforms. The subscriber units communicate with base stations, also referred to as base transceiver subsystems (BTS), cell stations, cell sites, or simply cells. A base station demodulates incoming CDMA waveforms received from subscriber units within a limited geographic region, and transmits outgoing CDMA waveforms to the subscriber units. A base station controller (BSC) provides an interface between the base stations and the public switched telephone network (PSTN) for routing the signals to other remote base stations or to any conventional telephony system. In general, transmission from the base station to the subscriber unit is referred to as the Forward CDMA Channel, and is sometimes called a downlink. Transmission from the subscriber unit to the base station is referred to as the Reverse CDMA Channel, and is sometimes called an uplink.
At any given moment, a single subscriber unit or base station may receive multiple replicas of the transmit signal, each replica possibly having a different amplitude, phase and time delay. The replicas are often caused by reflections of the transmit signal off of obstacles in the environment, such as buildings, trees, cars and people. The various replicas of the transmit signal are referred to as “paths,” with the general characteristic referred to as “multipath.”
The transmit signal of a CDMA communication system consists of a train of pulses called “chips.” More specifically, a transmitter generates a spread spectrum transmit signal by modulating an outbound serial stream of data with a pseudonoise (PN) code. The application of the PN code to the data produces a stream of chips. The resulting chips are transmitted according to some modulation scheme, such as quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK) modulation. In order to separate signals from multiple users, the receivers isolate the signal of the desired user by matching the signal to the corresponding PN code.
The rate that the PN code is applied is referred to as the chip rate, which is typically many times faster than the data rate. The duration of one pulse of the PN code is often used as a unit of measure referred to as chip time. The time delay between multiple received paths is often represented in chip time. A time delay of 1.5 chips between two paths, for example, indicates a time delay equal to 1.5 times the chip time of the transmit signal.
In order to reduce effects of signal fading and for other advantages,

For example, U.S. Pat. No. 4,738,324 issued to Borchard, determines load cell offsets, scale factors, and the effects of structural flexure and distortion in the factory, and then programs unique calibration factors into each load cell transducer unit shipped. To accomplish this type of calibration, however, the load cell transducers must be installed prior to shipment from the manufacturer. This is impractical where the load cell transducers must be field-installed onto a storage device such as a grain bin or silo on a farm.
Similarly, U.S. Pat. No. 6,112,162 issued to Richards, attempts to solve this problem by performing an on-site calibration using multiple weights. Each weight is placed on top of each individual load cell transducer, effectively determining the scale factor for that individual load cell transducer. This is repeated for each of the individual load cell transducers, resulting in an awkward and time consuming operation. Variations on this type of invention are additionally disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,805,467 issued to Richards and U.S. Pat. No. 5,724,267 also issued to Richards.
Other patents disclose various methods for calculating weights within or upon flexible structures. Examples of such methods are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,069,324 issued to Shimizu, et al., and in U.S. Pat. No. 6,209,382 issued to Komata, et al. However, in each of these cases, the method depends upon the use of load cell transducers which have been previously calibrated. As such, these methods are again relatively costly.
Accordingly, there is a need to overcomes these and other problems by providing a method by which lower cost uncalibrated load cell transducers and load sensing devices can be field-installed on flexible structures while still providing the ability to provide accurate weight measurements of substances within the flexible structure.
The present invention resides in a method for performing a calibration process to field-calibrate uncalibrated load sensing devices and load cell transducers. The calibration can be performed when only two known weight conditions exist. The method compensates for load cell offset, scale factor differences between load cells, and flexure or stresses in the structure supporting the weight.
More specifically, this invention is a method for automatically calibrating a set of uncalibrated load cell transducers supporting a variable load whose weight is distributed in some unknown and variable way among the

Following the first stage of the drying process by the expeller, the rubber material is passed to a second extruder referred to as an expander for additional drying. This second extruder increases pressure on and consequently the temperature of the rubber, thus creating a super heated liquid. As this super heated liquid is forced through the extruder, again commonly by using screw drive technology, the material is forced through dies or filter screens at the end of the screw where the moisture, or volatile matter, will flash dry.
The flash drying process corresponds to a rapid change in state from liquid to vapor as the supper heated rubber material passes through the die or filter screen and suddenly returns to normal atmospheric pressure while the water temperature may still be significantly higher than 100 degrees Celsius. The energy necessary to produce the flash drying phenomena is transferred to the rubber from the screw drive mechanism in the expander. This transfer of energy is made possible by the resistance of the rubber to exit the expander through the dies. The temperature and pressure on the super heated rubber reach a maximum at the dies, thus for a given screw speed and rubber flow rate, the resistance, and therefore the amount of energy transferred to the rubber, is dependent on the pressure at the head.
The pressure is fixed by the pressure drop induced by the passage of the super heated rubber through the die. In a practical system, there will be a number of dies at the exit point of the expander and thus the pressure will depend on the number of dies, their geometry and aperture size. In previously employed configurations, all of these aspects of the dies were fixed with any one processing sequence. Because the prior art is a fixed and unchangeable configuration, certain production problems have occurred that the present technology addresses and overcomes.
When the super heated rubber goes through the dies, the flash drying process produces decohesion of the rubber thereby creating rubber crumbs that are transported to balers for further processing. The control of the size of these crumbs is one of the aspects effecting good transportation of the rubber through the remaining processing sequences and, consequently, can have an impact on further processing. For example, reduction of conveyor fouling can occur based on production of too small a crumb size. As the currently available technology employs preset die configurations, no capability other than stopping production is available to address issues involving pressure adjustment and crumb size. Moreover, there is no capability for optimizing the overall rubber processing process outside of controlling the expeller-expander screw speed without shutting down production

UK Patent 1 368 157 discloses an arrangement in which a rope passes around a driven pulley and is clamped thereto by a series of clamping jaws mounted on an untensioned endless chain. The jaws positively engage notches on the driven pulley to ensure that the jaws follow the rope without any relative slipping. The jaws are urged into contact with the rope by spring-biassed pressure rollers.
It is among the objects of at least one aspect of the present invention to provide a drive assembly for a flexible elongate member such as a cable or sonar array having portions of different diameter.
According to the present invention there is provided a drive assembly for a flexible elongate member, the assembly comprising:
a support defining a convex arcuate support surface for engaging a flexible elongate member;
a tensioned flexible drive member opposing the convex support surface and defining a support portion for engaging the flexible elongate member;
first and second supports for the drive member, the supports being located on a chord of a curve whereby the drive member defines a concave arcuate support portion and tension in the drive member tends to bias the member to bear against the flexible elongate member.
The invention also relates to a method of applying a linear force to a flexible elongate member such as a cable or the like.
The manner in which the drive member is urged into contact with the flexible elongate member, that is by locating the drive member supports on a chord of a curve such that the tensioned drive member defines a concave arcuate support portion, with the tension in the drive member tending to bias the member to bear against the flexible elongate member, facilitates handling of xe2x80x9clumpyxe2x80x9d cables and the like; there is no requirement to provide support surfaces or rollers behind the drive member, and larger diameter portions of the cable are readily accommodated by flexing of the drive member.
The arrangement allows a linear force to be applied to a cable and the like without applying any significant radial or point loads thereto, as the force is applied to the cable over the length of the support portion. Thus, the assembly may be utilised to deploy or veer cable from a winch drum and to wind or haul cable onto a drum.
The assembly may be provided directly on a winch drum, or may be provided separately of the drum.
The invention has particular application in the deployment and retrieval of towed sonar arrays, in which the cable may be damaged if subject to high radial

In light of the problems, other advection fans capable of drawing and expelling air in the radial direction were developed to fit the needs, as they can be applied to the electronic devices that draw air in the radial direction. However, since modern electronic devices usually have a miniature design, the height of the impeller of the advection fan must be efficiently reduced without affecting the air-driving capacity of the advection fan. The impeller of the advection fan is integrally formed of plastic material or integrally formed by punching of metal material. When the impeller is integrally formed into a predetermined shape by plastic material, the impeller may have a smaller structural strength if the impeller has a smaller thickness. Although the thin impeller may have a larger structural strength when it is integrally formed by punching of metal material, the costs are increased if a larger amount of metal material is used. The weight of the impeller is also increased when the motor drives the impeller to rotate, affecting the overall operation efficiency of the motor.
Referring to FIG. 1, Taiwan Patent No. M350746 discloses a thin rotor 8 having a thin impeller that is a common impeller design currently available in the market. The rotor 8 has a metal housing 81, a shaft 82 coupled to a center of the housing 81, and a metal blade frame 83 extending outwards from the periphery of the housing 81 in the radial direction. The metal blade frame 83 is coupled with a plastic blade portion 84. In this arrangement, although the rotor 8 is thin, the rotor 8 may still have a larger structural strength, since the primary structures of the rotor 8 are the metal housing 81 and the metal blade frame 83. Furthermore, the rotor 8 also has a lower cost, since the structure that is used to drive air is made of plastic (the plastic blade portion 84), allowing the rotor 8 to be manufactured into a thin shape with improved structural strength. However, the rotor 8 still has some problems stated below.
First, the rotor 8 is only suitable for use in a blower fan because the air-driving faces of the plastic blade portion 84 face two opposite axial directions of the shaft 82. Thus, although the rotor 8 may have a thin form with improved structural strength, the rotor 8 is not suitable for use in an advection fan.
Second, the rotor 8 has a hub 85 that blocks the airflows that are driven by the plastic blade portion 84. The part of the rotor 8

For example, the RFID system which is used in an automatic ticket checking gate or the like of a public transport such as railroads is demanded of a relatively long communication distance characteristic to permit a user to pass the gate smoothly. In this respect, such the RFID system uses an antenna with a long communication distance or a relatively large loop diameter for the reader/writer, and uses an antenna with a relatively large loop diameter for an electronic train ticket. That is, the RFID system uses an antenna having a strong electromagnetic field characteristic.
On the contrary, an RFID system to be used in an electronic settlement machine or the like which is sited in a shop or the like is demanded of a relatively short communication distance characteristic to prevent erroneous connection. In this respect, such the RFID system uses an antenna with a short communication distance for a reader/writer, or an antenna with a relatively small loop diameter, and an antenna with a relatively small loop diameter for an electronic wallet (prepaid card). That is, the RFID system uses an antenna having a slight electromagnetic field characteristic.
There arises no problem if RFID systems require different antenna characteristics as long as the systems use different RFID cards. When a portable electronic device is equipped with the RFID function, however, plural types of RFID systems can be used in changing an application, thus requiring an antenna compatible with a plurality of RFID systems.
Because the conventional antenna coil used for RFID have a simple structure of having a plurality of turns in a spiral form as shown in FIGS. 14A and 14B, however, it is difficult to make the antenna coil compatible with both of the aforementioned two types of RFID systems.
That is, if the loop diameter of the RFID antenna to be mounted in a portable electronic device is made larger in such a way as to be compatible with an RFID system such as an automatic ticket checking machine, a communication failure may occur when the portable electronic device communicates with a reader/writer which is used for settlement of an electronic money in a shop or the like.
In a loop antenna, while a magnetic field is generated at the conductive portion forming the loop, the magnetic field strength becomes lower at a portion near the center of the loop where the conductive portion is not present. When the loop diameter of the loop antenna of the portable electronic device is larger than that of the loop antenna of the reader/writer, the center portion of the loop antenna of the portable electronic device comes close to the position corresponding to the

Heretofore, in such type of powder charging apparatus and in an electrostatic powder painting apparatus provided with th e powder charging apparatus, firstly, a ring-shaped electrode is provided on an inner peripheral surface of a tubular passage for conveying powder paint or the like as carried by gas, a tip end of a corona discharge electrode is disposed on the axis of the above-mentioned ring-shaped electrode to make an ionic current flow continuously from the corona discharge electrode towards the inner peripheral surface of the ring-shaped electrode, and powder flowing through the tubular passage simultaneously therewith is charged upon traversing the ionic current.
In addition, secondly, a ring-shaped slit is provided at an upstream end portion of the inner peripheral surface of the ring-shaped electrode, the opening of the slit is directed to the downstream side so that the inner peripheral surface of the ring-shaped electrode may be rubbed by clean gas ejected therefrom at a highvelocity, and thereby the inner peripheral surface can be always kept clean.
Furthermore, thirdly, the configuration of the ringshaped shaped electrode in each of the above-described apparatuses is chosen to form a cup-shaped cylindrical electrode diverging towards the downstream, and also at the downstream end of the inner peripheral surface of the cylindrical electrode is disposed a ring-shaped slit with its opening directed towards the upstream side.
As described above, in the first and second apparatuses in the prior art, when the powder flowing through the tubular passage traverses the radial ionic current, the powder is charged, but since this powder flowing through the tubular passage is apt to flow as deviated to one side of the inner peripheral surface of the tubular passage generally due to influences of the gravity and bending of pipings connected to the upstream, and moreover since the above-mentioned radial ionic current would have its ionic current density reduced as the position approaches from the axis to the inner peripheral surface and the powder paint would traverse the portion where the ionic current density is low, one cannot expect a high charging efficiency.
In addition, since clean air is ejected at a high velocity from the ring-shaped slit towards the downstream side, the velocity of the powder flowing through the tubular passage is increased, hense a stay time in the charging region becomes short, and the charging efficiency would be lowered. Also, when this charging apparatus is used in a spray gun of an electrostatic powder painting apparatus, the velocity of the spraying material ejected from the tip end of the gun becomes large, and so, there is a fear that a painting efficiency for an

When the optical scanning device is constituted using such light source and such optical deflector and the optical scanning of the scanned surface, such as the photoconductor, is carried out, the beam-spot position is not arranged at equal intervals, and the scanning speed is not constant.
For this reason, in order to arrange the beam-spot position at equal intervals and set the scanning speed at the fixed level when performing the optical scanning, the uniform optical scanning of the scanned surface is attained by performing the compensation using the scanning/focusing optical system, such as the fθ lens.
However, there is the limitation in the compensation of the scanning speed using the fθ lens. The scanning speed cannot be completely set at the fixed level, and the scanning speed variance may arise. Thus, the sparseness or denseness of the beam-spot position spacing takes place, and it is desirable that the beam-spot position spacing be set to the fixed interval.
Furthermore, the sparseness or denseness of the beam-spot position spacing is increased according to the manufacture error of the fθ lens.
If the sparseness or denseness of the beam-spot position spacing occurs, the distortion of the image arises, which causes the degradation of image quality.
Moreover, the color image forming device uses two or more fθ lenses, and, due to the manufacture error of the fθ lens and others, the sparseness or denseness of the beam-spot position spacing which is varied for each of the colors arises, and consequently the color deviation arises.
There is the known technique which compensates the sparseness or denseness of the beam-spot position spacing. According to the known technique, the frequency of the pixel clock is varied and the beam-spot position along the scanning line is compensated. Such technique is known from Japanese Laid-Open Patent Applications No. 11-167081 and No. 2001-228415, and Japanese Patent No. 3512397 (which corresponds to Japanese Laid-Open Patent Application No. 2003-098465).
However, the conventional technique is directed to the frequency modulation method in which the frequency of the pixel clock is varied. Generally, the pixel clock control unit for the frequency modulation method is complicated in the structure, and there is the problem that when the width of the frequency modulation becomes very small, it is difficult to perform the pixel clock control suitably, and the compensation of the beam-spot position with high accuracy cannot be performed. Moreover, there is the problem that

High voltage tolerant input/output pads also have ESD protection circuits that must not operate within the normal operating range of the high voltage signals. In the past, a bipolar device, e.g. a thick field-oxide (TFO) npn device, has been used since such a bipolar device is a good dissipation element to protect against electrostatic discharges and since the voltage at which the TFO begins to conduct current is above the normal operating range of applied signals but below the potential at which damage occurs in the internal circuitry. Prior art FIG. 1 is a partial block diagram, partial schematic diagram of a TFO npn device. In FIG. 1, the TFO npn device 3 provides ESD protection by a well known phenomenon known as bipolar snapback. During bipolar snapback, a parasitic bipolar device formed by a first n+ diffusion 8 coupled to the bondpad 20 (collector) and a second n+ diffusion 7 coupled to the chip V.sub.ss 45 (emitter), where the two diffusions are separated by a TFO 6, can conduct large amounts of ESD discharge current by means of a self-biased mechanism. The self-biasing results from avalanche-breakdown at the collector/base (i.e. n+ pad to p-substrate) diffusion where avalanche-generated electron-hole pairs are created. The holes generated from this effect (I.sub.SUB) migrate through the substrate 4 and its associated resistance (labeled R.sub.SUB) towards the emitter and P+ top-substrate contact. When the product of I.sub.SUB .times.R.sub.SUB &gt;0.7V the base-emitter junction (i.e. n+ V.sub.ss to p-substrate) of the TFO npn device 3 will forward bias, thereby turning the device on. The particular collector-to-emitter voltage where this effect occurs is known as V.sub.T1. Thereafter the collector-to-emitter voltage decreases as the current increases, "snapping back" from V.sub.T1. Later, the trend reverses, causing the collector-to-emitter voltage to rise as the current also rises. Eventually, the bipolar transistor fails at another particular collector-to-emitter voltage V.sub.T2. The destructive failure current threshold associated with V.sub.T2 is I.sub.T2, beyond which, the TFO npn device 3 is permanently damaged

Gas flowmeters are valuable components of physical and biological systems that require measurement of gas flows for performance monitoring and process control. Gas flow measurement becomes challenging when flowrates are within the low-range regime (0.25 mL/min to 5,000 mL/min). In addition to flowrate, another challenge is the reactivity of gas-vapor components with contact elements in a flowmeter. Gas-vapor systems may be corrosive and non-corrosive.
The invention is a solution to the limitations of currently available gas flowmeter systems such as mass flowmeters, rotameters (variable area meters), and other IR-based bubble-through gas flowmeters, as applied to low-flowrate gas systems. A coriolis-type mass flowmeter relies on the vibrations of a tube system to measure the mass flowrate, which is then divided by the fluid density. Fluid density is significantly affected by temperature, pressure and gas composition. Rotameters measures flowrate by passing a gas stream into a variable cross-section area. A floating object is inserted in this flow tunnel to indicate flowrate level against a pre-calibrated graduation. Rotameters are not easily adaptable for electronic signal processing. Finally, a “bubble-through” type gas flowmeter works by passing the gas line through a liquid column; the bubble formation is correlated to gas volume. A bubble-through gas flowmeter utilizes a non-contact sensing mechanism. The detection unit, which is the gas bubble, passes through a detection region and vents out of the liquid column. Although a bubble-through design is the simplest setup that addresses the difficulty at low-flowrate regime, the bubble column of currently available bubble-through gas flowmeters is prone to significant back-flow volume due to pressure head. This effect results in a non-trivial alteration to the kinetics of gas flow.
Thus, there is a need for a bubble-through setup that can address the effects of back-flow volume through proper design of the region where gas enters and bubbles form. The sensing mechanism must also include a signaling setup that is not easily disturbed by extraneous effects such as changes in ambient light or vibrations/sound. A reliable signal system for this setup is an infrared beam, which is disturbed or “broken” only when a gas bubble passes through the infrared beam path. A gas flowmeter of this type may also be amenable to field applications, i.e., it may be portable to maximize its utility.
There are several potential

FIG. 1 is a table diagram showing an example binary table.
When binarization is performed on the absolute value “2” of a coefficient value L using the binary table shown in FIG. 1, for example, such absolute value is converted into binary data “01”. Also, when performing binarization on the absolute value “3” of a coefficient value L, such absolute value is converted into binary data “001”.
When arithmetic coding is performed on binary data derived from the absolute value of a coefficient value L, a probability table is switched to another one based on a transition diagram shown in FIG. 2, depending on the absolute value of the previous coefficient value L.
FIG. 2 is a transition diagram showing a method of switching between probability tables according to an existing technique.
First, arithmetic coding is performed on the absolute value of the first coefficient value L, using a probability table 1. For the subsequent coefficient values L, a probability table is switched to another one depending on the previous coefficient value L of each of such coefficient values L. More specifically, a probability table 2 is used when the absolute value of the previous coefficient value L is 1, a probability table 3 is used when the absolute value of the previous coefficient value L is 2, and a probability table 4 is used when the absolute value of the previous coefficient value L is 3 or a larger value.
In this case, a determination on a probability table depends entirely on the absolute value of the previous coefficient value L.
Also, each of the probability tables itself is updated depending on whether binary data inputted is “0” or “1”. In this case, each update is performed in a manner in which the probability of “0” is increased when input binary data is “0” and the probability of “1” is increased when input binary data is “1”. Accordingly, adaptations are made on the probability tables so that they will suit the frequency at which binary data is inputted.
In the above existing technique, a probability table is switched to another one depending on the absolute value of the previous coefficient value L. Generally, the absolute values of coefficients on which frequency transformation has been performed tend to be larger in the direction from higher frequency components toward lower frequency components. Thus, there is a problem with the use of the aforementioned existing technique that the switching of a probability table cannot support an increase trend of coefficients in a case where the absolute value of a certain coefficient is smaller than that of the previous coefficient, leading to reduced coding efficiency.
In

Generally, semiconductor detectors of nuclear radiation operate by exploiting the fact that incident radiation, by interaction in the detector material, will create a charge pulse consisting of holes and electrons that can be separated under the influence of an electric field and the current detected by an external circuit.
Because they are readily available, radiation detector materials are generally semiconductor materials such as Si or Ge with lithium introduced into the semiconductor material so that it behaves as an extrinsic semiconductor. However, these materials have less than ideal band gap widths and high dark currents making them unattractive candidates for room temperature radiation detection devices. Further, the need to keep such Si(Li) and Ge detectors cooled to cryogenic temperatures poses significant limitations on the use of these materials in many applications, particularly where portability is desired.
Certain nonmetallic, crystalline solids such as mercuric iodide (Hgl2), lead iodide (Pbl2), thallium bromide (TlBr), indium iodide (Inl), thallium bromoiodide (TIBrI), mercuric bromoiodide (HgBrI), and cadmium zinc telluride (CdZnTe) are particularly useful as materials for room temperature radiation detection devices. However, for high radiation detection efficiency it is necessary to have materials that exhibit very low leakage currents (e.g., <10−7 A at electric fields of about 1000 V/cm to about 3000 V/cm) and thus, high electrical resistivity (i.e., 1/σ≧109 ohm·cm). One of the primary problems associated with nonmetallic, crystalline semiconducting materials lies in the presence of charge trapping defect sites and electrical instabilities caused by impurities in the starting material or introduced during subsequent processing. In addition, electrically active impurities may move under the influence of the applied field leading to unpredictable and variable electrical properties including high dark current and spectral distortions. The electrical resistivity of a material is a measure of its purity and defect concentration in the material and for most semiconducting material resistivities much greater than 108 ohm cm require semiconducting materials of the very highest purity and are thus, very difficult to achieve (M. Hage-Ali and P. Siffert, Semiconductors for Room Temperature Nuclear Detector Applications, 43, 245, 1995).
An alternative approach to radiation detection, particularly for the detection of neutrons, is the use of a scintillator material that emits visible light when exposed to radiation. The strong interaction of neutrons with hydrogen

Decorative plaques and emblems are widely used throughout a number of industries, including the automotive and appliance fields. In the past, a colored vitreous frit was flowed into a bronze substrate and fired at 1250.degree. F. The glass-like vitreous enamel served to beautify the product and protect the decorative substrate from weathering should the plaque or emblem be exposed to the environment.
Today, plastics are primarily used for producing such plaques and emblems. For example, the assignee of the present invention has since 1966 produced an emblem having a molded or cast body into which plastic is deposited. A description of such products can be found in a July-August, 1972, duPont Magazine article.
Likewise, in Loew (U.S. Pat. No. 3,654,062), there is disclosed a process for injection molding a decorative Mylar facing sheet over a vinyl plastic body. The plaque is coated with a layer of protective varnish on the outer surface of the facing sheet. Gits, U.S. Pat. No. 3,246,066, is similar in that male and female molds are used to form a cavity into which a decorative foil is placed and into which a clear plastic material is injected. Prior to injecting a clear plastic material against the front face of the foil, the foil is precoated. Other molding processes, such as compression molding (either one or two shot), are also well known in the art. See for instance, U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,244,565; 2,931,119; 3,075,249; and 3,114,597.
In U.S. Pat. No. 4,100,010, assigned to the same assignee, there is disclosed an improved process for producing decorative emblems. That process involves casting a plastic material onto decorative foil shapes to form a meniscus which when cured gives a lens effect to the top surface of the foil shape. A problem with that process is that the then capped substrate does not usually make up a complete decorative emblem. Normally, the capped substrate will be used as an insert to be placed inside a decorative bezel, which is most commonly a highly polished die casting, or plastic or plated plastic or some other decorative substance.
In such a process, it is thus necessary to decorate the substrate, emboss the decorated substrate, if desired, apply a pressure-sensitive adhesive to the back of the substrate

Intraocular lenses (IOLs) are used as artificial lens implants in eyes from which the natural lens has been removed. A natural lens changes its focal length by deformation, known as accommodation, to provide a focused image. An IOL does not focus in this manner. Monofocal IOLs provide focused vision at only a single distance range. If the focal length is selected to provide a sharp image for a distant object, then an object which is closer, for example at reading distance, will not be sharply focused on the retina. It is possible to sharply image closer objects by selecting a different focal length, but then distant objects would appear out of focus.
Bifocal IOLs are advantageous for providing clear vision at two distance ranges. U.S. Pat. No. 5,192,318, issued Mar. 9, 1993, the disclosure of which is incorporated by reference, concerns various bifocal IOL constructions. A bifocal IOL produces two superimposed images with one image always out of focus. Not all people can select between the two images and process the focused image sufficiently to see. Prior to surgery to implant a bifocal IOL in a patient, it is desirable to assure that the patient is a good candidate for a bifocal IOL. Implantation surgery carries inherent risks to the health of the patient, as with any surgery. Additional eye surgery can also damage the eye and compromise the quality of vision after surgery. Removal of an unsatisfactory lens and replacement with a new lens subjects the patient to further risk to vision and health which may be viewed as unacceptable to both the health care professional and the patient.
Thus, there is a need for an apparatus and method for testing the ability of a subject to see properly using a bifocal IOL. In addition, there is a need for an apparatus and method to compare a subject's vision through different types of IOLs. Another need in the vision care community is an apparatus and method to monitor over months or years the geometrical and refractive configuration of an eye. The apparatus and methods of the current invention address these needs.
Bifocal corneas may be provided by inserting an inlay into the cornea of a patient. Simulating vision through a bifocal cornea is desirable for testing the ability of a subject to see properly using the bifocal cornea, and to test properties of an inlay prior to implantation. The apparatus and methods of the current invention address these needs.
There is also a need for testing IOLs and

1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to devices for transferring signals between buses. More particularly, it relates to voltage translation and address multiplexing between different buses.
2. Description of the Related Art
Modern computer systems can permit a variety of memory components to be used in a single computer system. During initialization, the system queries the various memory components to determine their size and configuration, and writes the pertinent information into the appropriate locations for operational use of the memory. This communication is typically performed over a separate bus other than the normal memory bus used for memory read/write operations.
FIG. 1 shows a conventional system. During system initialization, system device 6 communicates over bidirectional serial bus 18 with multiple memory components, which are typically synchronous dynamic random access memories (SDRAM) 16. Each SDRAM includes a serial presence detect (SPD) circuit that receives queries from system device 6, and responds with information on the capacity and other parameters of the SDRAM. The information thus received by the system device is then used to configure the system to accommodate the various sizes and types of memory components that may be present. Once the system has been configured, normal read and write operations to memory take place through a different, higher speed data path (not shown).
Bus 18 is typically an inter-integrated circuit bus, frequently referred to as an I2C or I2C bus. This is a well-known two-line serial bus with a bi-directional serial data line and a bi-directional clock line. I2C protocol follows a master-slave format, with the master device initiating a transaction and specifying the address of the designated slave device, and the designated slave device responding to it. I2C protocol is fairly simple, with a five-part format: 1) A start bit to initiate a transaction, 2) an address byte, with seven bits denoting the address and the eighth bit denoting a read or write command, 3) data bytes, 4) an acknowledge bit following each 8-bit address or data byte, and 5) a stop bit to terminate the transaction. During the transmission of address and data bits, the data line may change only while the clock line is low. If the data line changes while the clock line is high, this signifies one of two commands: 1) a falling data signal from the master is a START command, and 2) a rising data signal from the master is a STOP command. An ACKNOWLEDGE response from the slave

Technology for radio-frequency (RF) communications is developing at a very rapid pace. When the cellular telephone industry developed, for example, the telephones operated in the relatively low frequency range of 800 MHz to 900 MHz. Early cellular telephones and RF communication devices were also very large and bulky.
Communications technology has made great strides since these original cellular phone were developed and marketed. One improvement is the development of communication equipment that transmits at much higher frequencies, which has many advantages. One advantage of transmitting at high frequency is that the communication equipment can be made much smaller and cost effective.
Another advantage is that a high frequency signal can carry more information than a low frequency signal. This advantage is very important as both our society and economy become more dependent on information. Furthermore, communication devices are being used more and more to communicate data in addition to voice information. Examples of such devices that need to communicate massive amounts of data include cellular phones that provide wireless Internet access, wireless modems, and wireless network connections.
While high frequency RF communication has such strong advantages, there are some practical limitations to the ability to design circuitry that can effectively process an RF signal. One of the problems is that some portions of the signal path in many of the circuits are too long relative to the wavelength of the signal that is propagating along the path, which causes an excessive amount of degradation in the signal. For example, many electrical circuits and components are mounted on a wafer and cut into a die. The contact point or pad is usually on a top portion of the die. Additionally, the input and output of these signals are filtered through a capacitor that is mounted on the circuit board adjacent to the die. A wire is then positioned between a contact point or pad on top of the die and a trace or signal path printed on the circuit board.
However, the length of the wire required to reach from the top of the die to the trace on the surface of the circuit board is too long for very high frequency signals, especially those signals that have a frequency above 20 GHz. One phenomenon that results in degradation of such a signal is the impedance of the wire, which results in an inductance that opposes the flow of electrical current. If the wire is too long, the inductance is too great and results in signal loss and noise.
This problem is especially acute in dies that are relatively thick such as dies formed with silicon germanium (SiGe), which is otherwise advantageous because it is a very economical material to use when forming dies. Dies formed with

One issue associated with such a turbocharger is a maximum boost pressure that the engine can withstand without damage to components of the engine due to increased pressure. Further, knocking of the engine may damage the turbocharger. A boost pressure increases depending on am amount of exhaust gases, as the compressor is directly linked to the turbine. At a certain point, pressure has to be limited to avoid engine knocking and other potential damage related to the increased pressure at an intake manifold of the engine. This issue is commonly corrected through the use of a wastegate. The wastegate diverts a portion of the exhaust gas from the turbine, thus limiting the pressure and amount of energy that can be recuperated by the turbine. In a conventional configuration of a turbocharger, the excessive wasted exhaust and the complex control of the wastegate cannot be avoided.
Another issue associated with such a turbocharger issue is a dynamic known as turbo lag. Turbo lag is a time required to adjust a power output of the turbocharger in response to an adjustment in a throttle of the vehicle. Turbo lag is caused by an amount of time needed to generate a required pressure boost by an exhaust system and the turbine. Turbo lag significantly depends on the inertia of the components of the turbocharger, an amount of friction within the turbocharger, and an initial speed of the turbocharger, and an amount of exhaust gas passing through the turbine. A number of ways exist to decrease the turbo lag. For example, it is possible to decrease the rotational inertia, to change the aspect ratio of the turbine, to use variable geometry components, amongst other improvement, but all improvements significantly affect a cost and complexity of the turbocharger.
Another issue associated with such a turbocharger is a boost threshold. Turbochargers start producing boost only when enough energy can be recuperated by the turbine. Without the required amount of kinetic energy, the turbocharger will not be able to provide the required amount of boost. An engine speed at which this limitation disappears is called a boost threshold speed. The boost threshold speed is dependent on an engine size and an operating speed of the engine, a throttle opening, and a design of the turbocharger. As a result of the boot threshold, an operator of a vehicle including the turbocharger may notice an ineffectiveness of the turbocharger when the engine is operated under a certain speed.
A final issue associated with such a turbocharger is based on an energy recuperation capability of the

This invention relates to methods for preparing amidinoureas (also named as carbamylguanidines, carbamoylguanidines, guanylureas or aminoiminomethylureas) and more particularly to processes for preparing bis(amidinoureas) using isothiobiurets as intermediates.
Substituted amidinoureas, i.e., compounds having the formula ##STR1## wherein: Z is an aliphatic, alicyclic or aromatic group and R is hydrogen or an aliphatic group, have been prepared in several ways. These compounds can be prepared, for example, by reacting ioscyanates of the formula Z--N.dbd.C.dbd.O with substituted guanidines of the formula ##STR2## under conditions well known to those skilled in the art. Such a process is disclosed in Curd, F. H. S.; Davey, D. G.; and Richardson, D. N.; J. Chem. Soc. 1949, 1732-1738.
A process of this type for the case wherein R.dbd.H is disclosed in Walls, U.S. Pat. No. 3,539,616, issued Nov. 10, 1970. Monosubstituted amidinoureas of the formula ##STR3## have been prepared by ammonolysis of substituted 4-alkyl-4-isothiobiurets, as described in British Patent 1,194,835.
Curd, F. H. S.; Davey, D. G.; Richardson, D. N.; and Ashworth R. deB., J. Chem. Soc. 1949, 1739-1745, disclose the reaction of 1-(p-chlorophenyl)-4-methyl-4-isodithiobiuret with isopropylamine neat or in methanol, and the reaction of 1-(p-chlorophenyl)-4-methyl-4-isodithiobiuret with methylamine in methanol. No reactions of isothiobiurets and no reactions using diamines are disclosed. In particular, since Curd, et al, did not consider the synthesis of bis(amidinoureas) starting from aliphatic diamines, this reference contains no disclosure of the problems which arise in the synthesis of bis(amidinoureas) and no disclosure of the critical properties of the solvent.
Thus, there are no disclosures in the

2. Description of the Background
Virtually every consumer electronic (CE) device sold today comes with its own remote control. As a result, it is not uncommon for households to have as many as three different remote control devices to control separate CE devices on the living room coffee table, thus introducing clutter and confusion as to the remote control that controls each particular CE device. The home electronics industry has responded to consumer frustrations with the introduction of universal remote devices. A universal remote control can be “taught” to take the place of all of the individual remote controls, thus allowing reduction of the number of remote controls per household to one.
Even though using a universal remote control has many advantages, it, at the same time, introduces new problems. For one, it is difficult to determine the current mode of operation of the universal remote control merely by visual inspection. In addition, once the mode of operation is determined, a sequence of buttons must be pressed to change the mode of operation of the remote control to that of another CE device. Thus, there is a need for a remote control in which the mode of operation may be more easily changed.
Another significant problem with universal remote controls is that no feedback is given to the user to identify the source of transmittal problems between the remote control and the CE device such as a weak remote control signal, low battery power, an incorrect mode of operation, a malfunctioning set-top box, and other such problems. Thus, there exists a need for a feedback device that indicates the mode of operation of the remote control whenever the buttons of the remote control are pressed to assist in diagnosing the source of transmittal problems. Further, there exits a need for a remote control having a feedback device that indicates weak signal strength and/or low battery power.
In addition, many remote control users also find it frustrating to have to press a button or tap an LCD screen on the remote control that cannot be seen in a dark room in order to light the remote control's buttons. Further, pressing a random button or randomly tapping the LCD screen in the dark may trigger a remote control function that the user did not intend. Thus, there exists a need for a remote control having illumination whenever the remote control is moved or picked up.
Advanced technophile users demand the functionality of universal remote control devices to become increasingly more sophisticated. For example, an experienced technical user may wish to do as much as the user can with a single remote control device. In addition, a home electronics maven

The valve apparatus shown in FIG. 6 is implemented as a pressure reducing valve 111, which is installed to a common rail 101 of a common rail fuel injection system of an internal combustion engine (e.g., a diesel engine). The pressure reducing valve 111 reduces an actual pressure of the common rail 101 when the actual pressure of the common rail 101 exceeds a predetermined pressure.
In the pressure reducing valve 111, a pushrod (a slidable member) 122 is axially slidably supported in a slide hole 128 formed in a valve body 121. A drive arrangement 125, which drives the pushrod 122, includes a spring 141 and an electromagnetic actuator 142. The electromagnetic actuator 142 includes an armature (a slider) 143, a solenoid 146 and a connector 147 with terminals 147a. The armature 143 is fixed to an upper end of the pushrod 122 in FIG. 6 to move integrally with the pushrod 122. The spring 141 urges the armature 143 and the pushrod 122 in the downward direction (a valve closing direction) in FIG. 6. The solenoid 146 magnetically attracts the armature 143 upon receiving electric power through the connector 147, so that the pushrod 122 fixed to the armature 143 is urged in the downward direction in FIG. 6 to seat a ball 123 against a valve seat 138 formed in a seat member 124 and thereby to close a flow passage hole 137 formed in the center of the valve seat 138.
When the ball 123 is lifted away from the valve seat 138 by the fuel pressure in an accumulation chamber 101d of the common rail 101, the flow passage hole 137 is opened. Thus, the high pressure fuel of the accumulation chamber 101d of the common rail 101 is conducted through the flow passage hole 137, a small diameter hole 132, radial holes 133 and a low pressure passage 101c to a lower pressure side (e.g., a fuel tank) of the system.
The previously proposed pressure reducing valve 111 may have the following disadvantage. Specifically, the pressure reducing valve 111 is installed to and is fixed to the common rail 101 when a male threaded portion 134 formed in the outer peripheral surface of the valve body 121 is threadably tightened and is thereby threadably secured to a female threaded portion 101a of the common rail 101. Thus, there is a possibility that the valve body 121 is deformed by the tightening load (the axially compressed load) applied to the valve body 121 by a tool (e.g., a wrench) that is used to install the pressure reducing

Databases are well known in the field. Databases typically use fields to store and organize large amounts of information. The stored information is then recalled by requesting the information in any one or more of the fields. Data mining is a process of retrieving information from one or more databases. Databases can store information in multiple forms including text, pictures, video, multimedia and any mime.
Multimedia is the presentation of information using the combination of text, sound, pictures, animation, and video. Multimedia applications can include predefined associations, known as hyperlinks, that enable users to switch between media elements and topics. Thoughtfully presented multimedia can enhance the learning experience for the end user and make the completion of required tasks much more simple. Multimedia documents found on the World Wide Web are called Web pages. Linking information together with hyperlinks is accomplished by special computer programs or computer languages. The computer language commonly used to create Web pages is called HyperText Markup Language (HTML).
A personal-computing device, such as a personal computer, a Macintosh® computer, and a handheld computer, includes a display screen, a keyboard and a pointing device, such as a mouse or pen, so that the user can direct the associations between hyperlinks and webpages. Photographs, drawings, and other still images must be changed into a format that the computer can manipulate and display. Such formats include bit-mapped graphics and vector graphics. Bit-mapped graphics store, manipulate, and represent images as rows and columns of tiny dots. In a bit-mapped graphic, each dot has a precise location described by its row and column, much like each house in a city has a precise address. Some of the most common bit-mapped graphics formats are called Graphical Interchange Format (GIF), Tagged Image File Format (TIFF), and Windows Bitmap (BMP). Vector graphics use mathematical formulas to recreate the original image. In a vector graphic, the dots are not defined by a row-and-column address, rather they are defined by their spatial relationships to one another. Because their dot components are not restricted to a particular row and column, vector graphics can reproduce images more easily and thus provide better output on most video screens and printers. Common vector graphics formats are Encapsulated Postscript (EPS), Windows Metafile Format (WMF), Hewlett-Packard Graphics Language (HPGL), and Macintosh graphics file format (PICT).
Video files can be quite large, so

In addition, a process of decomposing the VOC adsorbed in an adsorbent by the same decomposing mechanism as in Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 2001-137697 is proposed (Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 2002-1062). The process includes the steps of: at first, adsorbing the VOC in a gas to be treated into an adsorbent such as activated carbon; subsequently, contacting the adsorbent with water vapor to desorb the VOC from the adsorbent; further condensing the water vapor; then, mix the condensate with a hypochlorous acid solution; and aerating a mixed solution, while irradiating it with light, to decomposes the VOC existing in the mixed solution.
In a process of decomposing a VOC through a decomposing mechanism of mixing chlorine with the VOC and irradiating it with light, according to Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 2001-137697, the higher is a concentration of the VOC in a gas to be treated, the less is an amount of necessary chlorine per an amount of the VOC. The reason is considered to be that desorbed chlorine by the decomposition of the VOC also contributes to decomposition as well as charged chlorine, and that because the reaction uses a radical chain reaction, the higher is the concentration of chlorine existing in a reaction field, the more improved is a reaction efficiency. On the contrary, when the concentration of the VOC in a gas to be treated is low, an amount of necessary chlorine per an amount of the VOC largely increases to extremely decrease the treatment efficiency.
In general, in the case of soil and/or ground water pollution, pollutants which have penetrated into the underground from a polluted part diffuse to a wide area of the underground by an effect of the underground water, to pollute the wide area at a low concentration. For this reason, when the VOC is intended to be extracted from such a polluted site, a large amount of but a low concentration of the gas is extracted. When the gas is treated by optical function water, there has been a problem of increasing a treatment cost. The problem is to be solved also in air pollution and a VOC effluent gas produced in industrial activities.
A system according to Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 2002-001062 includes the steps of temporarily collecting a VOC gas in an adsorbent; then desorbing the VOC from the adsorbent to obtain condensate containing the VOC with a high

The invention relates to a porous sintered ceramic material based primarily on having crystalline phases of mullite and corundum (alpha alumina) interspersed with an amorphous alumina-silica based phase in proportions that provide a combination of improved strength, creep resistance and dimensional stability at high temperatures of use together with good thermal shock resistance. In a particularly beneficial form of the invention, a honeycomb or cellular monolith structure is made of the material to serve many useful purposes. Especially notable are molten metal filters (e.g. for filtering molten steel and gray iron) and catalytic converters or combustors (e.g. for reducing incompletely combusted emissions from solid fuel burning devices) constructed of such honeycomb structures.
Several porous sintered mullite-corundum ceramic materials have been heretofore proposed and used for a variety of purposes.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,560,478 discloses a porous alumina-based ceramic material with a bulk analytical content of 70-92% by weight of alumina and contains 1-95% by weight of needle-like crystals which apparently are mullite crystals. This material is in the form of a three-dimensional network of strands defining interconnected cells, which is a replica of the polyurethane foam with which it is formed. Dispersed in the network is a nitride, carbide, boride or silicide of metal to provide the resultant body with thermal shock resistance. Such bodies are said to be useful as molten metal filters, traps for particulates in exhaust gases, other filters and catalyst carriers.
Three molten metal filters of porous sintered ceramic honeycomb structure recently found in the commercial marketplace were determined to have the following compositions (% by weight):
______________________________________ Product A B C ______________________________________ Bulk analysis Alumina 69.2 49.2 68 Silica 28.9 48.8 28 Phase analysis Mullite 20 66 19 Corundum 48 -- 49 Cristobalite 9.2 -- 8 Quartz (estimated) 3-8* -- 4-9* Amorphous alumina- 15-20* 34 15-20* silica based phase ______________________________________ (*estimated)
A woodstove catalytic combustor of porous sintered mullite-type ceramic in the form of a honeycomb structure, which has been commercially available, has 72% by weight alumina in its bulk analysis and has a phase analysis, by weight, of about 61% mullite, 26% corundum

1) "PLAST"--Sept. 1979 pp 175-177. PA1 2) "MODERN PLASTIC ENCYCLOPEDIA" 1977-1978 pp 340 onwards. PA1 3) BALL W., Ziebart W., Woite B. (BMW) Mannheim VDI conference "New Requirement for Car Interior Trim" pp 1-18. PA1 4) Pabst H. G., Shaper S., Schmidt H., Terveen A. (AUDI) Mannheim VDI Conference 1987--"Development and large-scale use of dashboards produced by Slush Molding PVC". PA1 5) Khue N. N., Kunpers-Martz M., Dankmeier O. (EVC) "Development of optimum powder-blend for slush molding" IVth International Conference PVC '90-24-26 April 1990, Brighton U. K., pp 31/1-31/14. PA1 a) molding a gasket which substantially reproduces as such or slightly modified the profile of the mold along a line thereof which defines on the molded article the corresponding separation line between two different colors, PA1 b) providing on the inside of the mold along the separation line at least one dividing wall to define two separated half spaces inside the mold, PA1 c) fixing the gasket onto the dividing wall in proximity to the mold to form a seal within the mold between the two half-spaces, PA1 d) slush molding a layer of a first material constituting the first of the two different colors, the layer adhering to the mold only on the walls of the first half-space defined within it, PA1 e) consolidating the layer of the first material adhering to the mold, PA1 f) removing the dividing wall and the relative gasket from the mold, PA1 g) slush molding a continuous layer of a second material constituting the second of the two or more colors, and repeating the process according to the number of colors required. PA1 In stage d) of the aforesaid method, the material is left in contact with the mold for the time required for it to adhere and partly gel or melt in the part relating to the first color. PA1 a) providing a mold having an inner surface; PA1 b) providing a gasket having a profile which is approximately the same as a profile of a corresponding region of the mold inner surface; PA1 c) providing rigid material inserts in the

The present invention relates to an apparatus for the accurate positioning of assays with respect to reading apparatuses. More specifically, the present invention relates to a carousel on which a plurality of disposable cartridges containing solid-phase assays are expediently positioned with minimal effort to a high degree of accuracy with respect to an optical reading apparatus through a series of locating nubs and tabs.
Solid-phase procedures and apparatuses for performing immunoassays in general and enzyme immunoassays in particular are generally well known in the art. These immunoassays can be performed on biological samples such as blood, spinal fluid, urine, serum, and plasma, to name a few. One particularly cost effective apparatus which has been developed and adapted for use in conjunction with solid-phase procedures to perform a variety of assays (such as sandwich and competitive assays) is a disposable assay cartridge having a plurality of wells, with at least one reaction well. The reaction well generally contains a fibrous matrix positioned across its entrance and an absorbent material positioned below the fibrous matrix. Microparticles, contained in or introduced into the fibrous matrix, react with a sample and an analyte-containing reagent which have been added to the reaction well to form an immobilized complex on the matrix. The excess sample and reagent are washed through the matrix and captured in the absorbent material below.
The resulting assay may be read using known optical detection apparatuses. For example, using conventional solid-phase procedures, the analyte can be labelled or tagged with a fluorophor which, when excited by light of a known wavelength, fluoresces and emits light at a second known wavelength. The intensity of the emitted light is indicative of the concentration of the analyte in the biological sample. A conventional fluorometer is suitable for illuminating the fibrous matrix with a beam of light having the appropriate excitation wavelength. The fluorometer also detects the intensity of the light at the emission wavelength. Assays using this type of solid-phase technology have been found to provide a high degree of sensitivity.
Disposable assay cartridges such as those described above are particularly well suited for use in automated assay preparation and reading equipment. Due to the high degree of sensitivity of assays using the fibrous matrix technology, it is imperative in such automated equipment that the assay-containing reaction well of each and every cartridge be positioned with a high degree of accuracy in each of three dimensions with respect to the optical reading apparatus in order to ensure that the readings have a repeatable high degree of accuracy.
The assays must not only be precisely positioned, they must be effortlessly

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention is generally concerned with the display packaging in which an eyeglass lens is usually supplied to a practitioner.
2. Description of the Prior Art
At present this packaging is usually a case similar to a jewel case.
The case has a box body which encloses a packing member including a recess in which the eyeglass lens is placed and a lid hinged to the body.
A case of this kind is satisfactory and may continue to be so.
It does have the following drawbacks, however.
Firstly, the eyeglass lens is to some degree embedded in its housing with the result that it is difficult to extract it so that it can be held in the hand.
In practise it is extremely difficult if not impossible to extract it in the correct way, holding it only by its edge.
One or more fingers usually come unintentionally into contact with one or other of the main surfaces of the lens with the virtually inevitable risk of soiling them.
Also, for the eyeglass lens to be visible in the packaging the lid is usually made from a transparent and therefore relatively costly material, so increasing the overall cost of the packaging.
Cases, boxes, containers and packaging suitable for displaying diverse products are known from the following patents, for example: U.S. Pat. No. 2,262,472, U.S. Pat. No. 3,635,335, EP-A-0 021 900, U.S. Pat. No. 3,233,953, FR-A-572 743 and U.S. Pat. No. 3,289,823.
Document U.S. Pat. No. 2,262,472 describes a display container intended for use as a necklace presentation case, for example, and including a plate adapted to receive the necklace and in practise having a semicircular contour and two half-shells pivoting at the edge of the plate about a pivot axis generally perpendicular to the plate, each moving between a closed position in which they are juxtaposed and together form a protective shell around the plate and an open position in which they uncover the plate.
The wig case described in document U.S. Pat. No. 3,289,823 is very similar.
None of these patent documents is formally directed to the display of an eyeglass lens and none of the cases, boxes, containers or packaging which are the subject matter of

Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a non-contact imaging technique based on principles of low-coherence interferometry.14 Its high axial resolution allows better delineation of the anterior and posterior surfaces of the cornea. Time-domain anterior segment OCT systems capable of generating pachymetry (corneal thickness) maps have been reported.15,16 However, time-domain OCT still suffers from slow speed which makes it susceptible to eye movements during image acquisition.
Recently, a newer generation of OCT known as Fourier-domain OCT (FD-OCT) has been made available. This new generation of OCT has acquisition speeds 10-100 times faster than time-domain OCT systems.17-19 The very high scan speed may minimize the effect of eye movement during data acquisition while obtain dense sample points over the cornea. Although promising, acquiring and analyzing data using FD-OCT is not trivial. No known method of using FD-OCT to generate corneal epithelial and/or stromal map has heretofore been reported.
In view of the above, there still exists a need for a fast, reliable, and convenient method that is suitable for clinical measurement of corneal epithelium and/or stromal properties such as thickness and refractive power. There are many clinical utilities for such measurements. One particular application that can benefit from such a method is keratoconus.
Keratoconus is an important contraindication for refractive surgeries such as LASIK. Undetected corneal ectatic disorders can result in accelerated, progressive keratoectasia and produces poor vision that cannot be corrected with spectacles.
The National Eye Institute reports that keratoconus is the most common corneal dystrophy in the United. States, affecting approximately 1 in 2,000 Americans, but some reports place the figure as high as 1 in 500. In keratoconus, the normally round basketball-shaped cornea progressively thins and becomes football shaped causing a cone-like bulge to develop, and slight blurring and distortion of vision and increased sensitivity to light in its earliest stages. In later stages, it causes decreased visual acuity and significant visual impairment, which makes simple tasks, like driving, watching TV or reading a book nearly impossible.
Moderate to advanced keratoconus is easily recognizable by several distinctive clinical features, but the diagnosis of early stage keratoconus can be very challenging.22 Surgeons learned to better recognize the early stage keratoconus (referred to as forme fruste keratoconus or FFK in medical literature

Some types of image forming apparatuses provide a discrimination of the chromatic range of an inputted document image which is used for controlling the image forming operation. The discrimination determines whether the inputted image includes chromatic components in a predetermined amount or more. Based on the discrimination, the apparatus controls whether the image forming operation therein is a full color operation or a black and white operation. The time consumed during the image data processing and forming of full color images is much longer than the time required for forming monochrome images. According to this discrimination, the apparatus might detect the existence of a binary text region or a natural color photograph region in the inputted image. For example, this kind of apparatus is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,208,663, which is incorporated herein by reference.
For detecting input image characteristics, there are two kinds of conventional systems used in image forming apparatuses. The first one is a pre-scan system which uses an additional scanning operation for discriminating input image characteristics before the image forming operation starts, and determines the condition and parameters which will be used during the actual image forming operation. A subsequent scanning operation for actually forming the image using the previously determined conditions is then performed.
The second type of conventional system is a pre-scanless system which performs an initial image forming operation during a first scanning operation. Typically, the initial image forming operation is an operation using the black colorant. The pre-scanless system detects color characteristics of the input image such as the amount of the chromatic components in the image which is obtained in the first scanning operation. If a predetermined chromatic component is detected in the first scanning operation, the image forming apparatus detects that the input image is a color image. Accordingly, the apparatus is changed from initial image forming operation (e.g. black component) to the chromatic image forming operation during the second scanning operation for image forming.
In the image forming apparatus using the pre-scan system, the copying time of the document is increased because of the additional scanning operation necessary for image discrimination. Therefore, productivity of document duplication and work efficiency is reduced. However, even in the pre-scanless system, there is a reduction in the quality of the image or image fidelity. The pre-scanless system initially performs the black colorant operation of the image forming operation. When the image forming operation is for a color image, the pre-scanless system is limited in the amount of under color removal (UCR) which can be performed for each of color image

Household pets, such as dogs, can often be creatures of habit. They may have their favorite toy, but especially can have their favorite place to sleep. Unfortunately, this place may not always be where the owner would like it. If the owner wishes to train the pet to a particular place, they can put a soft cushion there and hope, or keep the pet there each night, until he learns to go by himself. Regardless of the method, however, the training must start when the pet is as young as possible. Once fully grown, new tricks become hard to teach.
Some pet owners wish to have their pets sleep in the same bed with them, for reasons including warmth, companionship or security. It therefore becomes important for these owners to train their pets early in life to sleep in the bed. If not, the pet may stay in the bed for a time, but will at some point in the night return to the favorite spot he has become accustomed to favor.
The problem arises when a young pet, such as a puppy, must be trained to climb onto a bed that is too high and physically impossible to climb. Once the dog has grown, he will be able to jump onto the bed with no difficulty, but beginning the training then would be too late. Additionally, smaller breeds of dogs may never achieve the necessary size and older, disabled or injured pets may find it impossible to jump onto the bed. It is thus necessary to provide a means for allowing the pet to climb onto the bed.
A common device for allowing animals to reach different heights are ramps. This type of ramp has usually taken the form shown in U.S. Pat. No. 3,618,568, wherein a pet house is disclosed having a ramp as an entrance means. The ramp is a hinged plank of solid material, such as wood, and includes added steps or slats to provide traction for the pet as he climbs the ramp.
It is possible to provide such a ramp for a bed, although impractical. The ramp would be quite heavy, making it a nuisance to install or store. Without any attachment means to the bed, the ramp's own weight would cause it to slide and fall. The size of the ramp, even though it is possible to fold it, as in U.S. Pat. No. 3,618,568, makes it cumbersome to store when the owner would not want it seen.
Thus, it is an object of the invention to provide a device that allows a pet

In state of the art video coding schemes, block-based motion compensated prediction (MCP) is used to exploit temporal redundancy. For inter-view coding in a multi-view video coding (MVC) scenario, a block matching procedure can also be applied to perform disparity compensated prediction (DCP), thus exploiting inter-view redundancy. Multi-view video coding (MVC) is the compression framework for the encoding of multi-view sequences. A multi-view video coding (MVC) sequence is a set of two or more video sequences that capture the same scene from a different view point.
However, there exist mismatches in the video content that are beyond translational displacement, such as focus changes, motion blur in monoscopic video, and illumination and/or focus mismatches across different views in multi-view video coding. Furthermore, the exhibited mismatches may be localized such that different portions of a video frame can undergo different types of change with respect to the corresponding areas in one or more frames used as reference. For example, with heterogeneous camera settings among cameras (utilized in multi-view video coding), different types of blurriness/sharpness mismatches will be associated to objects with different depths. As for motion blur in monoscopic video, objects moving in different directions could result in directional blurring. These non-translational mismatches will lower the coding efficiency of motion compensated prediction/disparity compensated prediction.
Without prior information about the mismatch in the video content, a two-pass encoding scheme can be utilized, in which an initial search and filter estimation are performed first to adaptively design filters based on the differences between the current frame and the reference frame(s). Higher coding efficiency is achieved by the preceding described two-pass encoding scheme as new references are created using the estimated filters. However, such scheme significantly increases encoding complexity and also increases the overhead since we transmit filter coefficients for every frame encoded with this scheme.
In the context of video coding, reference frame filtering approaches have been proposed, in which new reference frames are generated to improve coding efficiency.
For focus changes and/or camera panning, a technique referred to as blur compensation was proposed, in which a fixed set of blurring (lowpass) filters are used to generate blurred reference frames for video coding. This technique has two shortcomings for the scenarios we consider. First, the filter selection is made only at the frame-level, i.e., applying different filters to different parts of a frame was not considered. Second, this method relies

In conventional applications, each transducer element produces a burst of ultrasonic energy when energized by a pulsed waveform produced by a transmitter (not shown). The pulses are transmitted to the transducer elements via the flexible PCB 6. This ultrasonic energy is transmitted by the probe into the tissue of the object under study. The ultrasonic energy reflected back to transducer element array 4 from the object under study is converted to an electrical signal by each receiving transducer element and applied separately to a receiver (not shown).
The transducer package 2 also comprises a mass of suitable acoustical damping material having high acoustic losses, e.g., silver epoxy, positioned at the back surface of the transducer element array 4. This backing layer 12 is coupled to the rear surface of the transducer elements to absorb ultrasonic waves that emerge from the back side of each element so that they will not be partially reflected and interfere with the ultrasonic waves propagating in the forward direction.
Typically, the front surface of each transducer element of array 4 is covered with a first acoustic impedance matching layer 8 shown in FIG. 1. The first matching layer 8 may consist of a glass material such as Pyrex.RTM. borosilicate glass. Typically, a second acoustic impedance matching layer is later bonded to the first acoustic impedance matching layer. The impedance matching layers transform the high acoustic impedance of the transducer elements to the low acoustic impedance of the human body and water, thereby improving the coupling with the medium in which the emitted ultrasonic waves will propagate.
The transducer element array, backing layer and first acoustic impedance matching layer are all bonded together in a stack-up arrangement, as seen in FIG. 1.. During assembly of the ultrasonic probe, the transducer stack-up must be held securely within the probe housing (not shown in FIG. 1). Typically, this is accomplished by securing the transducer stack-up within a four-sided array case 14, i.e., a "box" having four side walls but no top or bottom walls, as shown in FIG. 2. The array case is made of electrically conductive material and provides a common ground for connection with the ground electrodes of the transducer elements. Preferably the array case is made of graphite.
The transducer stack-up is inserted into a recess in the array case 14 until the bottom surface of the first acoustic impedance matching layer 8 is flush with the bottom edge of the array case. The transducer stack-up is conventionally bonded inside the array case using epoxy. Then a second acoustic impedance matching layer 10 is conventionally bonded to those flush bottom surfaces (see FIG

Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems move thermal energy between a low temperature environment and a high temperature environment in order to perform cooling or heating operations so that the comfort of the occupants in an indoor space can be maintained or improved. For example, heat can be moved from an indoor space to an outdoor space in order to lower the indoor temperature or mitigate the effect of thermal energy infiltrating an indoor space in a cooling operation. Conversely, heat can be moved from an outdoor space to an indoor space in order to raise the indoor temperature or mitigate the effect of thermal energy exfiltration an indoor space in a heating operation.
A multi-indoor unit HVAC system includes at least a single compressor and single outdoor heat exchanger connected to multiple indoor heat exchangers arranged in one or more indoor units. Refrigerant flow is split among the indoor units and modulated with flow metering valves arranged between the indoor heat exchangers and outdoor heat exchanger. These flow metering valves can also serve as the main pressure reducing device required to lower the refrigerant temperature and pressure in order to complete the vapor compression cycle. Depending on the state of a four-way valve connected to the compressor, high pressure refrigerant can flow from the compressor to the outdoor unit (in which case the outdoor unit heat exchanger is a condenser and the indoor unit heat exchangers are evaporators) or refrigerant can flow from the compressor to the indoor units and the roles of the indoor and outdoor heat exchangers are reversed.
Recent advancements in power electronics and low cost micro-controllers have led to variable speed compressors, electronically controlled valves, and variable speed fans. The control of these actuators must be coordinated to achieve room temperature regulation and enforce machine limitations such as a maximum safe pressure of the refrigerant or a maximum safe temperature of a system component.
One challenge for controller HVAC systems is that the system dynamics are modeled by very high-dimensional models, especially when the number of indoor units is large, for instance when regulating the temperatures in an office building. This makes controller generation very time and resource consuming since the numerical complexity of generating controllers grows non-linearly with model dimension. For instance, a popular method for generating controllers is using linear matrix inequalities (LMI). However, generating a controller using LMI based techniques for a moderately sized building with 50 indoor units requires up to 41 hours of computation. This issue is compounded by the fact that controller generation is typically an iterative process in which an engineer generates a controller, tests

A device for sheet guidance in a sheet-fed rotary printing press is known from DE 23 13 150 C3. The sheets are conducted on a feed table, in scaled layers, to the device and then away from the device. The use of suction rollers, on whose entire circumferences recesses are provided, for conveying the sheets lying flat on the feed table is described. Each sheet can be fixed on the circumference of the suction roller by applying a vacuum. In this case, the suction roller is arranged in a recess of the feed table in such a way that the sheets, which lie flat on the feed table and lie tangentially against the circumference of the suction roller, can be driven. It is achieved, by this arrangement, that the respective sheets come into contact with the suction roller only in a line-shaped contact area. The driving forces are frictionally transmitted by the suction roller to each sheet only in the line-shaped contact area. Thus, no looping of the sheets around the suction rollers is required.
A device with a suction drum is known from WO 97/35795 A1. The sheets to be conveyed can be frictionally fixed to the circumference of the suction drum by the application of a vacuum. In this case, the drive mechanism of the suction drum is designed in such a way that the number of revolutions and/or the angle of rotation of the suction drum can be controlled by an independent electrical motor in accordance with pre-selected movement laws.
A sheet-feeding device for printing presses is known from DE-AS 20 46 602. The lateral offset of a lateral edge of a sheet, in relation to a desired orientation, can be detected by a measuring device. For aligning the lateral edge of the sheet, it is possible to displace an alignment cylinder, on whose circumference the sheet is fixed, axially in the direction of its axis of rotation as a function of the measurement result.
A contactless operating device for measuring the position of sheets is known from EP 0 716 287 A2. The lateral edges of the sheets can be measured by an optical system.
DE 42 39 732 A1 shows a device for aligning sheets. The sheets are initially pre-aligned by a belt system, and are thereafter finely aligned by a suction roller.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,078,384 discloses a device for aligning sheets by the use of two individually driven wheels. These driven wheels are controlled by a first sensor signalling the arrival of the sheets, and two

As the consequences of mutated Ras function were elucidated, this attracted sufficient attention from numerous pharmaceutical laboratories to initiate discovery and development programs for small molecule inhibitors of this signaling protein. The goal of these programs is to bring forward inhibitors of aberrant Ras signaling that have minimal associated toxicities. Numerous Ras inhibitors have been described, and they impair Ras-MARK signaling by blocking proper post-translational modification of Ras by protein farnesyl transferase, thereby preventing membrane localization. These Ras inhibitors have shown good pre-clinical efficacy, and are currently being evaluated in clinical trials. The sequential downstream kinase effectors of Ras, namely Raf, MEK, and MAPK are in addition viewed as equally attractive targets for the pharmacological intervention of cancer.
Rat proteins are fairly homologous (˜60%). These 66-84 kDa serine/threonine kinases include A, B, and C isoforms (C-Raf=Raf1, c-Raf), which coexist in many cell types and activate MEK (Kolch, W. Ras/Raf signalling and emerging pharmacotherapeutic targets. Expert Opin Pharmaco 2002, 3: 709-718; Chong, H., Vikis, H. G., Guan, K.-L. Mechanisms of regulating the Raf kinase family. Cell Signal 2003, 15: 463-469; Chong, H., Lee, J., Guan, K. L. Positive and negative regulation of raf kinase activity and function by phosphorylation. EMBO J 2001, 20: 3716-3727). Three conserved regions occur in Raf proteins: CR1 which is at the N-terminal and contains a Ras binding domain (RBD) and a cysteine rich domain (CRD); CR2 which contains a serine/threonine rich region; and CR3 which contains the catalytic kinase domain. GTP-loaded Ras recruits Raf to the inner cell membrane. This is crucial for Raf activation, though activation is a complex process not yet fully understood. For example, there are at least 13 regulatory phosphorylation sites on C-Raf (Fabian, J. R., Daar, I. O., Morrison, D. K. Critical tyrosine residues regulate the enzymatic and biological activity of raf-1 kinase. Mol Cell Biol 1993, 13: 7170-7179; Marais, R., Wynne, J., Treisman, R. The SRF accessory protein Elk-1 contains a growth factor-regulated transcriptional activation domain. Cell 1993, 73: 381-393;

The foregoing arrangement according to the present invention provides a bearing system that is sturdy and inexpensive to manufacture and that may be arranged in the front section of the driver""s cab relative to the direction of travel, so that the driver""s cab may be raised or tilted about the shaft from the first position, i.e., the driving position, into the second position. The combination and arrangement according to the present invention of the supporting elements and of the flexible bearing elements, which may be designed, for example, as rubber bearings, makes it possible to reduce the transfer of vibrations to the driver""s cab.
According to an aspect of the present invention, a rotary spring is provided for generating a torsional force which acts between the first and the second vehicle parts, and which supports the movement of the first vehicle part from the first position into the second position. The torsional force is measured so that the driver""s cab is retained in its lower, first position due to its weight. The force required for moving the driver""s cab into the second position is reduced by the rotary spring.
A particularly inexpensive construction is achieved by configuring the shaft as a rotary spring.
The shaft may be configured as a torsion spring, e.g., as a straight torsion bar.
The shaft may perform the function of a rotary spring in a particularly simple manner in that a first end of the shaft is nonrotatably joined to the first supporting element, and in that the second end of the shaft is nonrotatably joined to the second supporting element.
The nonrotatable connection may by effected by positive locking. This may be achieved by configuring the first and/or the second end of the shaft as a spline shaft.
An adjusting device which twists the shaft relative to the first and/or second vehicle part(s) for adjusting the torsional force may be provided on the first and/or second end(s) of the shaft.
The shaft may extend through the first and/or through the second bearing element(s). In this manner, a particularly compact and stable construction is attained.
Moreover, the first and/or second bearing element(s) may include a sleeve bearing having an inner anchoring part and an outer anchoring part which is joined to the inner anchoring part via an elastic spring element, the inner anchoring part being supported on the shaft, and the outer anchoring part being supported on the first or second vehicle part. In this manner, it is possible to achieve a

The field of the present invention relates in general to wireless local area networks (WLAN) including wireless access points (WAP) and wireless stations and methods for spatial diagnosis of same.
2. Description of the Related Art
Home and office networks, a.k.a. wireless local area networks (WLAN) are established and serviced using a device called a Wireless Access Point (WAP). The WAP may include a router. The WAP wirelessly couples all the devices of the home network, e.g. wireless stations such as: computers, printers, televisions, digital video (DVD) players, security cameras and smoke detectors to one another and to the Cable or Subscriber Line through which Internet, video, and television is delivered to the home. Most WAPs implement the IEEE 802.11 standard which is a contention based standard for handling communications among multiple competing devices for a shared wireless communication medium on a selected one of a plurality of communication channels. The frequency range of each communication channel is specified in the corresponding one of the IEEE 802.11 protocols being implemented, e.g. “a”, “b”, “g”, “n”, “ac”, “ad”, “ax”. Communications follow a hub and spoke model with a WAP at the hub and the spokes corresponding to the wireless links to each ‘client’ device.
After selection of a single communication channel for the associated home network, access to the shared communication channel relies on a multiple access methodology identified as Collision Sense Multiple Access (CSMA). CSMA is a distributed random access methodology first introduced for home wired networks such as Ethernet for sharing a single communication medium, by having a contending communication link back off and retry access to the line if a collision is detected, i.e. if the wireless medium is in use.
Communications on the single communication medium are identified as “simplex” meaning, one communication stream from a single source node to one or more target nodes at one time, with all remaining nodes capable of “listening” to the subject transmission. To confirm arrival of each communication packet, the target node is required to send back an acknowledgment, a.k.a. “ACK” packet to the source. Absent the receipt of the ACK packet the source will retransmit the unacknowledged data until an acknowledgement is received, or a time-out is reached.
Initially wireless home networks handled Internet communications for a limited number of devices, e.g. 1-3

The attachment hub 5 is made of a material having good machinability such as brass or aluminum. The inner surface of a fitting hole 5a to which the rotary shaft 2 is to be fitted and a supporting surface 5b on which the rotary scale is to be mounted are machined with high precision. The rotary scale 7 is made of a thin glass plate or a thin metal plate, and etching is applied to it or a PET film for photoengraving is attached to it.
Upon assembling the rotary encoder, the attachment hub 5 is fitted to the rotary shaft 2 of the motor 1 and the attachment hub is positioned to a predetermined thrust height position, and then the set screw 6 is tightened. Next, the rotary scale 7 is placed on the top surface of the attachment hub 5, and then the rotary scale 7 is provisionally secure by a setting ring 8 attached to the rotary shaft 2. Then, adjustment for aligning the center of a recorded pattern of the rotation angle information record part 7a of the rotary scale 7 and the center of the rotary shaft 2 is performed. After that, the rotary shaft 2 and the setting ring 8 are fixed to each other by the adhesive 9, and the rotary scale 7 and the setting ring 8 are also fixed to each other by the adhesive 9, as shown in FIG. 12. Finally, the sensor head 11 is brought to the vicinity of the rotary scale 7 in such a way that the outer periphery of the rotary scale 7 is inserted between the upper frame portion 12a and the lower frame portion 12b of the frame 12, and the sensor head 11 is secured at an appropriate position in relation to the motor 1.
A divergent light flux emitted from the light emitting element 13 of the sensor head 11 is transmitted through the collimator lens 14 so as to be converted into a substantially parallel light flux. This light flux passes through the rotation angle information record part 7a of the rotary scale 7 and then passes through the fixed scale 15 to enter the light receiving element 16. The sensor head 11 optically reads a change in moiré fringes caused by a change in relative angular positional relationship between the rotation angle information record part 7a and the fixed scale 15 in terms of a change in the quantity of light incident on the light receiving element 16 to detect the rotation angle of the rotary scale 7.
FIG. 13 shows a conventional reflective rotary encoder. This reflective rotary encoder has instead of the above-described sensor head 11 a sensor head 17 disposed beneath the rotary scale 7 for detecting a

The present invention relates to a testing apparatus, and, in particular, to a testing apparatus capable of replacing flash memory chips quickly and separating signals of the flash memory and the dynamic random access memory (DRAM).
2. Description of the Related Art
Embedded memories, such as embedded multimedia card (eMMC), embedded multi-chip package (eMCP), and card-interface multi-chip package (CiMCP), on a printed circuit board (PCB) are usually packaged with a fine-pitch ball grid array (FBGA) which is usually very close to the core chip, and dedicated FBGA soldering equipment is required for installing and replacing the embedded memories. In addition, repeated soldering operations may easily damage the PCB, the core chip, and the flash memory of the eMMC chip (e.g. NAND flash memory). Generally, an external device is required to install and replace the eMMC/eMCP/CiMCP chip, so that the NAND flash memory of the eMMC chip will not be damaged.
The eMMC chip and a DDR memory are packaged together in an eMCP/CiMCP chip on the PCB. Accordingly, an external device should be used to separate the eMMC signals and DDR memory signals, so that the eMMC chip can be installed and replaced easily. On the PCB, the eMMC device and the eMMC host are connected to each other through the wires on the PCB. Accordingly, an external device should be used to induct the test points of the eMMC signals to test the eMMC signals.
Traditionally, the eMMC/eMCP/CiMCP chip is firstly unloaded from the PCB, and a FBGA socket is installed on the soldering point of the eMMC/eMCP/CiMCP. Thus, the eMMC/eMCP/CiMCP chip can be placed into the FBGA socket. However, there are many electronic components around the soldering place of the eMMC/eMCP/CiMCP chip, and there is no spare space and structure to hold the FBGA socket. Accordingly, a dedicated FBGA socket device should be designed based on the shape of the PCB, and then the eMMC/eMCP/CiMCP chip can be placed into the FBGA socket device, and the dedicated FBGA socket device is fixed onto the PCB. Accordingly, the

Ideally, the mobile robot would be able to continuously track its position relative to the work as it approaches the work. Since this would involve the processing of huge volumes of data, however, it is not practicable with currently available technology. For overcoming this problem, Japanese Laid-open Patent Application Nos. 59(1984)-32,009, 59(1984)-121,506 and 55(1980)-97,609 etc. teach methods for reducing the amount of processed data by laying auxiliary guide means (such as tape) along the locomotion paths within the robot operating space. The provision of buried electromagnetic induction wires has also been proposed.
These techniques are troublesome owing to the need to equip the workspace with special devices and, particularly in the case of subsurface wires, are quite costly to implement. In some environments, moreover, such as at a nuclear power facility, large-scale changes in the environment are not allowed.
Techniques have also been developed for enabling a mobile robot to discern its position and orientation relative to a work by pattern matching with camera images or other such visual information stored in memory beforehand. For reducing the amount of data that has to be processed, these methods generally use window processing to reduce search time. When the mobile robot's task is to inspect a piece of machinery, for example, the time for completing the task can indeed be shortened by having the robot ascertain its position using images taken of the pressure gauges and the like that are to be inspected. Since the mobile robot first identifies its position using other features of the equipment or the architectural environment and then searches for the work to be inspected, however, its working speed is slow. Although working speed can be speeded up by increasing the performance of the onboard computer, it is better for economical reasons to use a low-performance computer. In addition, autonomous robots are by nature subject to weight and energy consumption restrictions.
The present invention was accomplished in light of the foregoing circumstances and has as one of its objects to provide a system for detecting a position of a mobile robot and controlling the same which enables a mobile working robot equipped with a relatively low-performance computer to use a minimal number of landmarks provided in the workspace for detecting whether or not it has properly reached the work, accurately and in real time.
Moreover, among the various types of mobile robots, some types, such as the legged mobile robot, have discrete ground contact (footfall) positions. When such a mobile robot moves through an environment that restricts footfall position, as when it ascends or

Atmospheric vaporizers have been known in the art for a long time. These devices are used in industry to vaporize relatively large quantities of a cryogenic liquid which is needed in the gaseous form for certain manufacturing and other operations. In essence, an atmospheric vaporizer is a heat exchanger which utilizes ambient heat to vaporize a very low boiling (cryogenic) liquid. A typical example for the use of atmospheric vaporizers/heat exchangers is the vaporization of liquid oxygen for use in industrial processes and welding operations.
State of the art atmospheric vaporizers/heat exchangers include a plurality of heat exchange elements which are finned tubes made of good heat conducting materials (usually aluminum). The finned tubes are mechanically assembled to one another and to a substantially rigid frame. Flow of the cryogenic fluid through the tubes is generally in a serial fashion i.e. from one tube to another to maintain the height of the vaporizer/heat exchanger within reasonable limits, for example, of the order of 6 to 25 feet. The relatively large surface of the fins facilitates efficient heat exchange with the environment; in other words, the fins promote relatively efficient absorption of heat from the ambient atmosphere and thus provide the heat required for vaporization and heating of the cryogenic liquid.
The prior art serial vaporizers connect a number of vertically oriented heat exchange tubes in series to vaporize the cryogenic liquid which enters the heat exchanger at a temperature well below the freezing point of water, e.g. about -300.degree. F., and heat it to a temperature suitable for manufacturing or other operations e.g. within 10.degree. to 40.degree. F. of the ambient temperature.
A serial atmospheric vaporizer/heat exchanger, including specific dimensions for the external and internal fins of its elongated finned tubes, is described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,479,359.
To obtain the desired flow rate several groups of serially connected tubes may be placed in parallel. One prior art vaporizer manufactured by the assignee of this application utilizes 36 heat exchange tubes with each group of 6 connected in series. With such an arrangement, the flow of the cryogenic fluid is bi-directional i.e. up through one tube, down through the next etc. The temperature of the cryogenic fluid will increase from its entrance temperature e.g. about -300.degree. F. to its exit temperature e.g. 20.degree.-60.degree. F., as it travels through the ser

In milling cutters having shim plates that are arranged under replaceable milling inserts, the individual shim plate has an important function in preventing—or at least as far as possible counteracting—serious damage in the event of an insert breakdown. Namely, if the co-operating milling insert suddenly would lose its cutting capacity during operation, e.g., as a consequence of fractures or other unexpected faults, the basic body of the milling cutter may dig into the workpiece and cause expensive damage not only to the proper basic body but also to the driving spindle and the parts of the machine tool co-operating with the same. For this reason, the shim plate is usually mounted in such a way that its edge portion, positioned rotationally behind the chip-removing cutting edge of the milling insert, on one hand protrudes radially a distance in relation to the envelope surface of the basic body, but, on the other hand, is located inside the swept area described by the cutting edge during the rotation of the milling cutter. During normal conditions, i.e., as long as the milling insert is in working order, the peripheral edge portion of the shim plate clears the generated surface in the workpiece, at the same time as the envelope surface of the basic body positioned rotationally behind the shim plate is situated radially inside the imaginary circle described by the edge portion of the shim plate. Therefore, if an insert breakdown would occur, the peripheral edge portion of the shim plate can proceed to remove chips from the workpiece without the rotating basic body digging into the workpiece. In other words, the edge portion of the shim plate can passably assume the chip-removing function of the milling insert during the short time that is required to interrupt the milling operation before a more extensive tool and machine breakdown occurs.
Another function of the shim plate is to form a reliable and accurately located long-term bottom support for the milling insert. For this reason, the shim plate is usually manufactured from a material, such as cemented carbide, that is harder than the material of the basic body, which in turn most often consists of steel or aluminium. The shim plate is connected semi-permanently with the basic body, usually via a tubular screw that includes, on one hand, a male thread, which is tightened in a female thread in a hole that mouths in a bottom of the seat of the milling insert, and on the other hand a female thread, in which a male thread of a tightening screw can be tightened

In a typical implementation of such a digital signature algorithm such as the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) a signature component s has the form:s=k−1(e+dr) mod n
where:                d is a long term private key random integer of the signor;        Q is a public key of the signor derived by computing the point Q=dP;        P is a point (x, y) on the curve which is a predefined parameter of the system;        k is a random integer selected as a short term private or session key, and has a corresponding short term public key R=kP;        e is a secure hash, such as the SHA-1 hash function of a message; and        n is the order of the curve.        
In this scheme the signor represents the x coordinate of the point kP as an integer z and then calculates a first signature component r=z mod n. Next, the second signature component s above is calculated. The signature components s and r and a message M is then transmitted to the recipient. In order for the recipient to verify the signature (r, s) on M, the recipient looks up the public key Q of the signor. A hash e′ of the message M is calculated using a hash function H such that e′=H(M). A value c=s−1 mod n is also calculated. Next, integer values u1 and u2 are calculated such that u1=e′c mod n and u2=rc mod n. In order that the signature be verified, the value u1P+u2Q must be calculated. Since P is known and is a system wide parameter, the value u1P may be computed quickly. The point R=u1P+u2Q is computed. The field element x of the point R=(x1,y) is converted to an integer z, and a value v=z mod n is computed. If v=r, then the signature is valid.
Other protocols, such as the MQV protocols also require similar computations when implemented over elliptic curves which may result in slow signature and verification when the computing power is limited. The complexity of the calculations may be explained by observing a form of the elliptic curve. Generally, the underlying elliptic curve has the form y2+xy=x3+ax+b and the addition of two points having coordinates (x1,y1) and (x2,

There has thus been outlined, rather broadly, the more important features of the invention in order that the detailed description thereof that follows may be better understood, and in order that the present contribution to the art may be better appreciated. There are, of course, additional features of the invention that will be described hereinafter and which will form the subject matter of the claims appended hereto.
In this respect, before explaining at least one embodiment of the invention in detail, it is to be understood that the invention is not limited in its application to the details of construction and to the arrangements of the components set forth in the following description or illustrated in the drawings. The invention is capable of other embodiments and of being practiced and carried out in various ways. Also, it is to be understood that the phraseology and terminology employed herein are for the purpose of description and should not be regarded as limiting.
As such, those skilled in the art will appreciate that the conception, upon which this disclosure is based, may readily be utilized as a basis for the designing of other structures, methods and systems for carrying out the several purposes of the present invention. It is important, therefore, that the claims be regarded as including such equivalent constructions insofar as they do not depart from the spirit and scope of the present invention.
It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide a new and improved modified underwater diving mask which has all the advantages of the prior art diving masks of various designs and configurations and none of the disadvantages.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a new and improved modified underwater diving mask which may be easily and efficiently manufactured and marketed.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a new and improved modified underwater diving mask which is of a durable and reliable construction.
An even further object of the present invention is to provide a new and improved modified underwater diving mask which is susceptible of a low cost of manufacture with regard to both materials and labor, and which accordingly is then susceptible of low prices of sale to the consuming public, thereby making such diving masks of various designs and configurations economically available to the buying public.
Still yet another object of the present invention is to provide a new and improved modified underwater diving mask which provides in the apparatuses and methods of the prior art some of the advantages thereof, while simultaneously overcoming some of the disadvantages normally associated therewith.
Still another object of the present invention is to position a battery operated spotlight between the eye pieces of an underwater diving mask for improved visibility.
Lastly, it is an object

Masking out the laser radiation with a high divergence angle advantageously improves the quality of the focusing of the convergent lens. A major advantage of the optical system according to the invention is, in particular, that the portion of the beam emitted from the semiconductor laser emitter which is in any case not injected into the optical conductor is masked out. In consequence, receptacle components advantageously achieve the same eye safety as pigtail components.
With the foregoing and other objects in view there is provided, in accordance with the invention, an optical system that includes a semiconductor laser for emitting laser radiation, an optical device, and a convergent lens. The convergent lens is configured between the semiconductor laser and the optical device for injecting the emitted laser radiation into the optical device. The convergent lens is provided with a coating structured to have the form of a diaphragm for masking out a portion of the emitted laser radiation.
In accordance with an added feature of the invention, there is provided a structured coating (diaphragm) which is preferably composed of metal, and which can be applied in a simple manner to the surface of the convergent lens, by means of vapor deposition. The convergent lens may be composed of glass, silicon or some other semiconductor material that passes the respective laser radiation wavelength. It is particularly preferred for the convergent lens to be a plano-convex lens, with the structured coating provided on the convex side.
In accordance with an additional feature of the invention, there is provided a structured coating that is preferably in the form of a perforated diaphragm and that masks out the portion of the laser radiation whose divergence angle is greater than the acceptance angle of the optical conductor. The radiation power injected into the optical conductor is varied by varying the divergence angle below the value of the acceptance angle, without having to change the geometrical configuration of the entire system that includes the semiconductor laser emitter, convergent lens, and optical device that can be an optical conductor.
In accordance with another feature of the invention, there is provided a structured coating that is preferably in the form of a zone diaphragm for masking out the high-intensity central beam. This reduces the injected power and increases the eye safety of receptacle versions.
In accordance with a further feature of the invention, the optical system may be employed in an advantageous manner for coupling the laser beam of the semiconductor laser emitter in a multi-mode fiber. Only the fundamental mode of the multi-mode fiber is stimulated by masking out the laser radiation with a high divergence angle. The transmission characteristics of a single mode fiber are thus simulated in the multi-

Acid hydrolysis processes of lignocellulosic materials produce, among others: hexoses (sugars with 6 carbons), such as glucose, galactose and mannose; pentoses (sugars with 5 carbons), such as xylose and arabinose: lignin; furfural; 5-hydromethil furfural; acetic acid; and methanol among others, in variable proportions, depending on the raw material being processed. Known acid hydrolysis processes of lignocellulosic materials are divided into two major groups: processes using concentrated acids and processes utilizing dilute acids.
From the first group, the "Bergius" and "Udic Rheinau" processes stand out, which use 40-45% hydrochloric acid, and the "Riga" process, which uses 75% sulfuric acid.
Although such processes present elevated hydrolysis yields (approximately 94% of the estoichiometrical value), high investments in equipment are required once they should be constructed with material resistant to such strongly concentrated acids. In addition, the manipulation of said acids makes the operation of the process extremely difficult.
Among processes which use dilute acids developed to overcome the drawbacks exposed hereinabove, the "Schoeller" process should be mentioned. According to this process the wood is heated in percolators at 134.degree. C. with the aid of sulfuric acid, thus obtaining, through repeated extractions, sugars with concentration of 2 to 4% in the resulting hydrolysis solution.
It is evident that this process, which is carried out in a batch procedure, presents a yield that is rather below that commercially expected.
In order to improve the process with dilute acid described above, a process namely "Madison" has been developed by the Laboratory of Forest Products of the United States, which uses 0.6% dilute sulfuric acid within the range of 18 m.sup.3 by ton of the dried treated material and is carried out in 3 to 5 hours, reaches a maximum yield of 67% of its estoichiometrical value. Although the "Madison" process is substantially improved relatively to the "Scholler" process, it presents a yield still below the desired. Further, due to the elevated temperature at which it is carried out, the equipment, even when dilute acid is used, must be made from special materials, such as titanium and zirconium, thus elevating the investment value therefor, even though below the investment made in processes wherein strong acids are used.
Apart

2. Summary of the Prior Art
The prior art is exemplified by Shapland U.S. Pat. No. 4,063,668 issued December 1977 and also patents of Metacon AG U.S. Pat. No. 4,269,399 and 4,273,315.
As to the Shapland U.S. Pat. No. 4,063,668 it should be noted that it utilizes bilaterally symmetrical slide gates and top plates. While the use on a bottom pour vessel such as a ladle, where there is substantial clearance, has been highly satisfactory; when employed on the side of a furnace where extensive auxiliary equipment appears, space limitations can cause a problem.
Moreover, in the application of sliding gate valves of the aforementioned type, a particular undesirable wear phenomenon occurs. Specifically, it has been found that a depression, or pocket, is generated by erosion forces in the wall of the opening through the fixed plate adjacent its sliding surface and limited to the region thereof that faces the direction of movement of the slide gate upon valve closure. Continued cycling of the valve by moving the slide gate between its open and closed positions increases the effects of these erosion forces causing an enlargement of the depression. Such erosion can be accommodated in a bottom pour vessel as shown in FIGS. 10-13 inclusive of U.S. Pat. No. 4,063,668. However, the presence of such a pocket in a vertically disposed valve, as on the sidewall of a metal processing furnace, requires consideration. For example, U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,269,399 and 4,273,315 disclose sliding gate valve arrangements that utilize a slide gate which closes the valve as the gate is moved downwardly. This has the distinct disadvantage that the erosion pocket occurs in the wall of the stationary plate and faces upwardly. The pocket, therefore, provides a receptacle in which slag or metal may collect and solidify. The solidification of this collected metal and slag not only creates abrasion of the refractory parts but can accumulate to an amount that causes the plates to be displaced from one another whereby molten metal can leak into the space created between the plates. When this occurs the valve is rendered inoperative until the refractory plates can be replaced.
Furthermore, with the valves which close in the down position, upon opening the metal cascades from an upper position to a lower position on the pour nozzle causing a free-fall area which initially cteates a turbulence and additional errosion

The orifice plate is bonded to an ink barrier layer of the printhead. This barrier layer is made from photosensitive material that is laminated onto the printhead substrate, exposed, developed, and cured in a configuration that defines ink chambers. The chambers have one or more channels that connect the chambers with the reservoir of ink. Each chamber is continuous with one of the orifices from which the ink droplets are expelled.
The ink droplets are expelled from each ink chamber by a heat transducer, such as a thin-film resistor. The resistor is carried on the printhead substrate, which is preferably a conventional silicon wafer upon which has been grown an insulation layer, such as silicon dioxide. The resistor is covered with suitable passivation and other layers, as is known in the art and is described, for example, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,719,477, hereby incorporated by reference.
To expel an ink droplet, the resistor is driven (heated) with a pulse of electrical current. The heat from the resistor is sufficient to form a vapor bubble in the surrounding ink chamber. The rapid expansion of the bubble instantaneously forces a droplet through the associated orifice. The chamber is refilled after each droplet ejection with ink that flows into the chamber through the channel(s) that connects with the ink reservoir.
In the past, the orifice plate and barrier layer were mechanically aligned and bonded together, usually in a high-temperature and high-pressure environment. Inasmuch as the orifice plate and barrier layers are made of different material, the need for precisely aligning these two components is complicated by the differences in their coefficients of thermal expansion. Also, this approach to constructing a printhead limits the minimum thickness of the bonded components to about 25 μm, which thus prevents the use of very small droplet volumes with the attendant high resolution and thermal efficiencies such use would permit.
Currently, the notion of an integrally formed orifice plate and barrier layer has been considered. For clarity, an integrated orifice plate and barrier layer will be hereafter referred to as a droplet plate, which is a unitary plate defining both the ink chambers and orifices (the orifices hereafter referred to as nozzles). It will be appreciated that such a plate eliminates the problems associated with the orifice plate and barrier layer construction just mentioned.
Manufacture of such a droplet plate may be carried out using photolithographic techniques, which techniques generally offer a high degree of design latitude. It is desirable, however, to arrive

In the past, there has been proposed a power supply device which converts power inputted from an external power supply and outputs converted power and includes a thermistor having a positive temperature property (so-called a PTC thermistor) in order to suppress rush current at the time of activation interposed in a power supply path from such a power supply (e.g., see document 1 [JP 2008-104273 A]). In this regard, when excess current such as rush current flows, Joule heat causes a rise in temperature of the thermistor, and this leads to increase in a resistance of the thermistor. Consequently, such current can be suppressed. The thermistor may have such a temperature property that resistance greatly varies with temperature. For example, a resistance of the thermistor at 160° C. is approximate 100 times as high as a resistance of the thermistor at 25° C.
Further, a thyristor is connected in parallel with the aforementioned thermistor and a circuit of the power supply device is configured to keep the thyristor on during stable operation. Rush current is likely to occur only at the time of activation. Therefore, to avoid loss caused by the thermistor, a current is made to flow through the above thyristor during stable operation.
Further, there has been proposed a power supply device including multiple buck converters connected in parallel together between output ends of a DC power supply circuit (e.g., see document 2 [JP 2011-78218 A]). For example, a load such as a light emitting diode array is connected between output ends of each buck converter. The aforementioned DC power supply circuit may be, for example, a capacitor for smoothing a pulsating output of a diode bridge, a conventional boost converter, or the like. In this power supply device, the multiple buck converters can share the DC power supply circuit, but can be different from each other in specifications and operations.
The power supply device including the DC power supply circuit and the multiple buck converters as with document 2 can be modified so that the parallel circuit of the thermistor and the thyristor is interposed in the power supply path to the DC power supply circuit as with document 1.
With regard to the power supply device as modified above, it is assumed that the circuit of the power supply device is designed so that the thyristor is kept on while any of the buck converters operates stably. In this case, even if in one or some of buck converters a switching element may be short-

Plastisol molding materials are used to a large extent in automobile construction for the bonding and sealing of joints and beaded flanges of automobile body work sheeting, both internally and externally. In particular, plastisols based on PVC polymers and/or copolymers are used for this purpose. It is known that such plastisol molding materials comprise fine polymer praticles dispersed in a liquid, non-volatile plasticizer. At ambient temperature, the solid polymer particles are insoluble in the plasticizer, but the plasticizer dissolves them at elevated temperatures, resulting in a homogeneous solution of the polymer in the plasticizer, which solidifies on cooling to a more or less rigid film.
The plastisol may contain additional components such as fillers, flow control agents, water-absorbing materials such as calcium oxide, stabilizers, pigments, and bond promoters. The purpose of the bond promoters is to cause a lasting bond between the surfaces of conventional work pieces such as oily steel, galvanised or tinned metal sheets, electrocoated metal sheets, etc. Examples of bond promoters for PVC plastisols are polyaminoamides, polyamines, reaction products of excess polyfunctional amines with monomeric or aligomeric bisphenol-A glycidyl ethers, blocked isocyanates, silanes, mixtures of urotropin with resorcinol, etc. and mixtures thereof.
In automobile constructions, plastisols, especially PVC plastisols, are applied either in the body shop to non-degreased crude metal sheets or, following electrocoating, to primed sheets. If plastisol is applied in the body shop, the gelling operation with subsequent hardening takes place in a pre-gelling furnace, prior to the application of the electrocoat, or in the baking furnace for the electrocoat. In the case of application on the electrocoat, the hardening of the plastisol takes place with the baking of the subsequently applied materials, i.e. fillers, primers, and/or a topcoat. In the majority of cases, where fillers or the topcoat are sprayed on, the lacquering is carried out over the previously applied plastisol, whether gelled or not.
It is frequently found that white and pastel shade coating lacquers yellow at those places at which they are applied to the plastisols. Such undesirable discoloration can occur regardless of whether the plastisols

U.S. Pat. No. 5,811,531 discloses the preparation of a superabsorbent polymer on the basis of polysaccharides, such as xanthan, which contain uronic acid groups by reacting the polysaccharides at the surface with at least two-functional organic crosslinkers. According to the disclosure, the products possess better free-swell absorbing ability against salt solutions than carboxyalkylated polysaccharides where the carboxyl groups are not attached directly to the saccharide units but via alkyl groups.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,470,964 discloses a process for preparing a superabsorbent polymer providing improved absorbency under load that is based on polysaccharides containing acid groups and is surface crosslinked by polyvalent metal ions. The disadvantages of this process are that the improved absorbency under load is achieved by the crosslinking of a relatively thick surface layer and that, according to the disclosure, this is only possible through prior incipient swelling of the polysaccharide with a large amount of solvent. The incipiently swollen state then allows sufficiently deep penetration of the polyvalent metal ions into the surface. To achieve this, the polysaccharide is introduced into an excess of the aqueous metal salt solution such that the weight ratio of polysaccharide to water is from 1:2 to 1:40. The thick crosslinked surface layer does provide good absorbency under load values, but the free swell capacity and also the retention capacity of the absorbent are disadvantageously reduced as a result. The process described has the further disadvantage that the polysaccharide portion added last to the crosslinker solution in the course of the manufacturing operation has less time to swell and encounters a lower crosslinker concentration, resulting in an inhomogeneous distribution of the crosslinker on the surface and hence fluctuations in the absorption properties.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,043,952 discloses the surface treatment of water-swellable anionic polyelectrolytes with polyvalent metal ions in a dispersing medium in which the polymer is insoluble to improve the dispersibility of the water-absorbent products.
The broad object underlying the invention is to overcome the disadvantages arising from the state of the art.
It is an object of the present invention to provide biodegradable supersuperabsorbent polymers based on renewable raw materials that are free of the defects described above. More particularly, the superabsorbent polymers shall have very long term storage stability with very substantial retention of the absorption properties. The absorbent

However, in a case of universal-frequency networking, there is a strong interference between neighboring cells with the same frequency (hereinafter referred to as neighboring universal-frequency cells) and this kind of interference influence very much on the system performance. Especially when multiple code channels are working at a boundary between the neighboring universal-frequency cells, the universal-frequency interference is the most important interference. And at this time, the single cell joint-detection method is incapable of suppressing the neighboring universal-frequency cell interference.
If the structure information of neighboring universal-frequency cells is used to expand the joint-detection method from a single cell to the universal-frequency multiple cells, the performance of the time-slotted CDMA system in universal-frequency networking will be greatly improved. The Chinese patent application 200410080196.6 proposes “a method for performing multi-user joint-detection in a neighboring cell in a TDD-CDMA system” in which channel estimation results of neighboring cells are obtained according to a multiple code set channel estimation method and code channels of neighboring cells are grouped and then the joint-detection is performed according to the channel estimation result of neighboring cells and the result of code channel grouping. If this joint-detection method is applied in the time-slotted CDMA system with multiple universal-frequency cells, the MAI between neighboring universal-frequency cells is greatly suppressed and the performance of the time-slotted CDMA system when working in neighboring universal-frequency cells is improved. This technical solution is applicable to cases when user signals in different cells are synchronous or near synchronous or with little comparative delay.
Generally, there is a comparative delay between signals of universal-frequency cells. If only the interference from the cell nearest cell is taken into account, the comparative delay is small so if the channel response window of each user in different cells is obtained in its own cell, the main path can be guaranteed to be in the window and the influence of the comparative delay can be neglected. However, in a large-scale networking, the universal-frequency interference from peripheral cells should be taken into account and in a layered networking, the universal-frequency interference between macro cells and micro cells should be taken into account. For example, in a schematic diagram showing relations between main paths in the channel estimation results of users in neighboring cells and home cell shown in FIG. 2, neighboring cell 1 has a comparatively small delay □T1 with the home cell and if the channel estimation result of each user in the cell is intercepted according to the present method it can

Axial and radial holding assemblies for blades, such as that described in French Pat. No. 2 345 605, consisting of a block that is placed between the blade foot and the bottom of the groove so as to hold the upper part of the blade foot dovetailed against the side teeth of the groove, with the block being held axially by a U-shaped lock cooperating with corresponding notches provided in the blade foot and in the teeth of the groove, are well-known and the system shown therein is simple and effective. To facilitate or even make possible the assembly and dismantling of the unit, there nonetheless is some play between the block, the blade foot and the bottom of the groove (at least for most blades). This play proves to be harmful from the viewpoint of wear. Indeed, during self-rotation or low-speed rotation of the rotor, the centrifugal force exerted on the blades is no longer sufficient to keep the blade feet pressed against both oblique faces of the grooves.
With each turn, the blades go from a position of resting on one side of the seating to a position of resting on the other side. This produces chatter and, what is more serious, hammering, which does serious damage to the surfaces in contact with one another. If such hammering is difficult to accept even for parts that are easily replaceable, such as the blocks or even the blades, it is impossible for the rotor disk, for which such damage is entirely unacceptable.
Hence, French Pat. Nos. 2 300 215 and 2 426 151 offer solutions that make use of blocks having an elastic part able to maintain permanent contact between the blade foot and the groove. The block described in the first patent cited consists of three lengthwise, independent parts, two lateral parts, and one central part. The two lateral parts have on the ends of two adjacent faces a plurality of flanges provided so as to be able to press against the front or rear face of the disk, on either side of the groove and against the radial ends of the blade feet. These two symmetrical parts are introduced into the space between the blade foot and the bottom of the groove and are held apart by the central part having a shape approximately complementary to the remaining space. This part includes a housing that receives an elastic member resting against the bottom of the groove. The three parts are unitarily connected with a bolt after being put in place.
The second patent cited describes a block having two lateral parts identical to those of the preceding patent, but a central part consisting of two

Various conventional methods for monitoring or limiting the duration of a call exist. For example, many conventional business-style phones, such as those connected to private branch exchanges (PBX), include a timer, which is activated when a phone call begins. By monitoring the display, a caller can determine the running duration of the call and end the call when the desired duration has expired. However, the phone itself includes no mechanism to limit the duration of the call and neither does the underlying telecommunications system. The phone merely provides an indication of the length of the call. For a subscriber wishing to limit the duration of calls by other parties, an indicator provides little value.
Another indicator of call duration is the periodic phone bill. The phone bill provides feedback to the subscriber of the duration of calls to various directory numbers. However, the phone bill is historical and provides no ability to limit the duration of currently-occurring calls.
Other methods exist for limiting the actual duration of calls. For example, the patent granted Nguyen, et. al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,815,561, describes “a method and system for apprising the parties to a communication of the duration of the communication while the communication is in progress.” Nguyen dismisses having a caller set up a call demarcation as inefficient and time-consuming. Also, Nguyen does not teach demarcation for a call terminating at the subscriber's phone.
Conventional methods and systems also provide for limiting a call placed using a prepaid calling card. A subscriber provides the prepaid calling card number when placing the call. Based on the billing rate for a particular phone call, an the duration of the call is calculated as a time period equal to the monetary value on the prepaid card divided by the billing rate for the call. If the time period expires during the call, the call is disconnected. In any event, when the call ends, the duration of the call is deducted from the prepaid card balance.
In comparison to a caller-controlled demarcation, several limitations exist when using prepaid cards. One obvious limitation of a prepaid calling card is that the card must be purchased before a call can be placed using the card. Also, the card must be replaced or have value added when the monetary value of the card is depleted. Additionally, a caller may apply the monetary value of the prepaid card to any call. No system or method exists to limit specific calls to only a portion of the prepaid card or to only specific directory numbers

Among the various video display systems available in the art, an optical projection system is known to be capable of providing a high quality display in a large scale. In such an optical projection system, light from a lamp is uniformly illuminated onto an array of, e.g., M.times.N, actuated mirrors such that each of the mirrors is coupled with each of the actuators. The actuators may be made of an electrodisplacive material such as a piezoelectric or an electrostrictive material which deforms in response to an electric field applied thereto.
The reflected light beam from each of the mirrors is incident upon an aperture of a baffle. By applying an electrical signal to each of the actuators, the relative position of each of the mirrors to the incident light beam is altered, thereby causing a deviation in the optical path of the reflected beam from each of the mirrors. As the optical path of each of the reflected beams is varied, the amount of light reflected from each of the mirrors which passes through the aperture is changed, thereby modulating the intensity of the beam. The modulated beams through the aperture are transmitted onto a projection screen via an appropriate optical device such as a projection lens, to thereby display an image thereon.
In FIG. 1, there is shown a cross sectional view of an array 10 of M.times.N thin film actuated mirrors 5 for use in an optical projection system, disclosed in a copending commonly owned application, U.S. Ser. No. 08/331,399, entitled "THIN FILM ACTUATED MIRROR ARRAY AND METHOD FOR THE MANUFACTURE THEREOF", comprising: an active matrix 11 including a substrate 12, an array of M.times.N transistors (not shown) and an array 13 of M.times.N connecting terminals 14; an array 15 of M.times.N thin film actuating structures 16, each of the actuating structures 16 having at least a thin film layer 17 of a motion-inducing material, a first electrode 18 and a second electrode 19, the first and second electrodes being placed on top and bottom of the thin film motion-inducing layer 17, respectively; an array 20 of M.times.N supporting members 21, each of the supporting members 21 being used for holding each of the actuating structures 16 in place by cantilevering each of the actuating structures 16 and also for electrically connecting each of the actuating structures 16 and the active matrix 11; and an array 22 of

It is easily removable, allowing the proper elimination of water and fluids which may be dropped on its surface.
Comprising mainly paired pieces: a bottom piece as a base or support made of a plastic material and a top piece made essentially of a ceramic material, the two being joined together by their faces in contact with one another, each pair of pieces comprising a tile assembly which is anchored with the adjacent ones by means of ancillary attachment elements located on the perimetric edges of the plastic base piece.
One objective of this invention is a new arrangement of the attachment elements which makes it possible to connect any adjacent edges of the tiles assembly to one another such that the decorative motifs of the ceramic pieces may be combined in different ways.
Another objective of this invention focuses on a new structure of the attachment elements, thus achieving a better connection of the pieces with a greater degree of stability, whilst also making the vertical removal of each tile assembly easier.
Also innovative is the placement of the starting point of the attachment elements, by means of which sturdier, stronger anchorings are achieved.
Means are also included for centering the top piece with respect to the bottom piece, these means also allowing for a physical separation between the different tile assemblies.
Different floor coverings currently exist, special mention being made of those which are applied to exterior surfaces for facilitating the elimination of rainwater and also in swimming pool areas.
In some cases, the coverings comprise pieces made of a plastic material which are of a hollow structure of a certain thickness forming a water-removal chamber underneath.
These coverings can entail hygiene-related problems, which aesthetically also leaves much to be desired.
In other cases, the coverings comprise bodies manufactured using porous materials, which, although it be true that they are capable of eliminating a certain flow of water, do become saturated at higher flowrates. The porosity of such bodies also facilitates, in some cases, the proliferation of fungi and bacteria.
Spanish Patent No. P-200402065 consists of a covering for surfaces comprising the combination of certain bottom draining support elements and top plaques which are attached to said supporting bodies such that when water falls on this covering, be it rainwater, pool water or other types of water, this fluid does not remain on the outer exposed surface, but rather runs into the bottom chamber formed by the draining supporting elements through separating grooves between the plaques when they are made of a ceramic or similar material.
All of these coverings, including that of Spanish

A combine is an agricultural vehicle used in the harvesting of crops. The combine is typically self-propelled and is comprised of a forward header assembly and an aft drive and processing section. The header assembly typically is substantially wider than the aft portion of the combine and includes a plurality of spaced corn or row crop heads which are adapted for engaging the crops and removing the grain therefrom. The thus removed grain, in combination with crop residue such as husks in the case of corn harvesting, is then automatically delivered to the aft drive and processing section of the combine. In addition to housing the source of propulsion, such as a diesel engine and operator controls, the aft portion of the combine also includes a complicated threshing system for further separating the grain from the crop residue and for offloading the thus separated grain from the combine into a transport vehicle such as a truck. The crop residue is then exhausted from an aft portion of the combine and deposited in the field being harvested.
The threshing system includes many stages for separating the grain from the husk or leafy portion of the plant. An early stage of the threshing system typically includes a rotating cylinder operating in conjunction with a concave structure positioned adjacent to and below the cylinder to initiate grain-crop residue separation. The thus separated grain is then subjected to additional processing for further separation, while the crop residue, or chaff, is exhausted from the combine.
The additional processing to which the grain is subjected typically includes a vibrating sieve arrangement upon which the grain and chaff mixture is deposited. This sievelike structure, frequently referred to as a "chaffer", allows the grain to fall under the influence of gravity, while retaining chaff in separating the grain and chaff. Because the grain and chaff are frequently deposited upon the chaffer in a thick, mat-like mass, air is directed upward through the chaffer to break up this mat-like mass and blow the chaff upward for removal. While facilitating grain and chaff separation to some extent, this prior art approach has produced undesirable effects which actually retard the threshing operation. For example, the upward air blast through the sieve-like chaffer creates turbulence within the threshing stages which not only inhibits chaff removal from the combine, but also frequently recirculates the chaff from later to earlier threshing stages. This increases the time required for grain-chaff separation, slowing down the threshing operation, and necessitates

The present invention is directed to an interconnect for making temporary electrical connections with semiconductor components having terminal contacts in the form of bumps, pins or springs.
In accordance with the present invention, an improved interconnect for testing semiconductor components is provided. Also provided, are a test system incorporating the interconnect, a method for fabricating the interconnect, and a testing method employing the interconnect.
The interconnect includes a substrate, and a plurality of interconnect contacts on the substrate configured to electrically engage terminal contacts on the components, such as bumped contacts, pin contacts or spring contacts. Several different embodiments of the interconnect contacts are provided including: metallized recesses sized and shaped to retain the terminal contacts; metallized penetrating projections configured to penetrate the terminal contacts; metallized recesses with penetrating projections; and metal leads on polymer tape cantilevered over metallized recesses.
The interconnect also includes one or more cavities in the substrate configured to form flexible segments of the substrate, that allow the interconnect contacts to flex, and to move independently of one another, to accommodate variations in the size, location and planarity of the terminal contacts. A location and size of the cavities can be selected to form the flexible segments, with a desired compliancy, or spring constant. In addition, the cavities can be in flow communication with a pressurized fluid or gas source, such that a flexure of the interconnect contacts can be adjusted as required, for a particular testing application. Also, the pressurized cavities permit a variable backside biasing force to be exerted on the flexible segments, to counteract a biasing force applied from a front side of the interconnect by a testing apparatus such as a wafer prober or test carrier. Alternately, the cavities can be filled with an elastomeric material, selected to provide a desired compliancy, or spring constant, for the flexible segments and the substrate.
In a first embodiment the cavities comprise separate pockets, aligned with individual interconnect contacts. In a second embodiment the cavities comprise elongated grooves aligned with multiple interconnect contacts. In a third embodiment the cavity comprises a single pocket large enough to encompass a periphery of multiple interconnect contacts.
The interconnect can be configured for die level testing of discrete components, such as bare dice or chip scale packages, or alternately for wafer level testing of multiple components contained on a common substrate, such as a wafer, a panel, a circuit board, or an electronic assembly. For a die level test system, the interconnect is configured for assembly in a testing apparatus, such as a carrier, configured to retain one

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an image data communication apparatus such as a network facsimile apparatus, and a method of communicating the image data.
2. Background Information
When a user sends data through a facsimile machine, the data generally contains a transmitter's identification. The transmitter's identification is usually registered at the facsimile machine, and is overwritten on image data or printed on the upper end of the image data received by a recipient. The transmitter's identification is generally input to the facsimile machine through its operation panel. Identification data created by a personal computer (PC) can be also sent into a facsimile machine via the PSTN (Public Switched Telephone Network). On the other hand, registration through E-mail (electronic mail) can be practiced in a network facsimile that communicates through a network such as the Internet.
As discussed above, using a regular facsimile machine, a recipient can identify who sent a message even it has no name in a “From:” line, because the transmitter's identification is overwritten on the message or printed on the upper end of the received paper. However, in the case of the network facsimile, a message does not always arrive at a facsimile machine, but it may arrive at a terminal of a PC or a workstation, which is capable of receiving E-mail. In such a case, the terminal confirms the arrival of data with E-mail browsing software, and because the message is sent as a file attached to the E-mail, a recipient cannot identify who sent the message until the recipient reads the attached file. When the recipient answers the message through a reply function of the browsing software, the answer is always sent back to the facsimile machine that has sent the message. Therefore, if an intended person does not watch the machine for the arrival of an answer, or another person is present at the machine, the answer is sometimes misplaced or delivered to a wrong address.
Further, a facsimile machine's operation panel does not easily register multi-digit data such as a mail address, and further, such registering is time consuming. On the other hand, registration through the PSTN requires a dedicated program at a PC side, and this method thus has not become popular. Registration through E-mail allows a simple input operation; however, a format readable by a facsimile machine must be employed. Thus, the operator must be furnished with some knowledge before registering a mail

In a SAD method, partial images are cut off from a base image and a comparative image respectively by using a rectangular window, and the total sum of absolute values of difference between luminance values of the partial images is calculated. Characteristics values here, such as a SAD value, indicate a level of difference in luminance of images. The position of the rectangular window of the comparative image is then shifted on a per pixel basis in the baseline direction to find a alignment at which the SAD value is minimized, which is defined as “pixel level disparity (i.e. partial displacement)”. Thereafter, three SAD values around the minimum value (i.e. the minimum, the second minimum, and the third minimum of SAD values) are used to calculate “sub-pixel level disparity (i.e. partial displacement)” by isometric linear fitting.
Such a SAD method has traditionally been used and characterized by relatively high analytical resolution with less computation. However, the SAD method suffers from low accuracy of sub-pixel level disparity calculation; the SAD method can determine disparity (i.e. partial displacement between images) only on the order of ¼ to 1/16 pixel accuracy and is difficult to satisfy the need for highly accurate disparity calculating functions.
Recently, therefore, the POC method draws attention for its high accuracy in disparity calculation. In the POC method, partial images are cut off from a base image and a comparative image respectively by using a window function for reducing an effect from harmonics occurring when a Hanning window or the like is used to cut off an image, and a 2D Fourier transformation is performed on the partial images. The 2 pieces of Fourier image data are combined and the amplitude component is normalized. A 2D inverse Fourier transformation is then performed on the data to determine a phase-limited correlation coefficient. The amount of partial displacement between images is then determined based on a correlated peak.
Such a POC method, which is referred to as a 2D POC method, has an advantage of very high accuracy in disparity calculation. However, the 2D POC method requires a large amount of computation in disparity calculation, and it is difficult to compute in a short time. In addition, the 2D POC method is inferior to the SAD method in terms of analytical resolution, which is the quantity on a screen at which isolated objects can be distinguished and the distance can be measured.
Recently, a 1D POC method is proposed (see Patent Literature 1), which requires less

One of the major causes of death in the United States is heart disease produced by atherosclerosis. In atherosclerosis, a plaque forms in the arteries which may involve only a segmental portion of the artery or can involve its entire circumference. This plaque is a "putty-like" or rock-hard material which, if allowed to accumulate, can completely occlude the artery. Also, the plaque can become dislodged from the artery wall and thereby serve as an embolus, or pieces of it may break off and embolize. If complete blockage occurs, and the individual survives, sometimes small new vessels recanalize the area, but the ability of these small vessels to supply any appreciable volume of blood beyond the area of blockage is doubtful.
Coronary athersclerotic narrowing or occlusion has been corrected in recent years most frequently by revascularization of the myocardium. This bypass surgery has become one of the most common surgical procedures performed in the United States. However, the exorbitant cost of myocardial bypass and the associated one to two week morbidity associated with such procedure has led to a procedure termed angioplasty in which an inflatable "balloon" at the end of a catheter is introduced at a selected point in the vascular system and passed into the coronary artery to the site of the occlusion and the plaque compressed by inflating the balloon. Angioplasty, however, is limited in scope of its use because of the variability and the texture of the atherosclerotic plaques and in the inherent limitations of the balloon itself. Moreover, angioplasty is not viewed as a permanent treatment and can result in complications such as artery blow-out, distal emboli spasms, etc.
Development of laser technology for treatment of atherosclerotic plaques is now being conducted, but such a technique, even if successfully developed, has significant limitations.
In a population where average age continues to increase, with a corresponding increase in atherosclerotic heart disease, there is an urgent need for an inexpensive, efficient, safe and effective means for the treatment of atherosclerosis. This urgent need is dictated by the fact that approximately one-fourth of those with atherosclerotic heart disease have as a first symptom sudden death, and each year in the United States alone a million people are diagnosed as having atherosclerotic heart disease. Moreover, a relatively small percentage of those affected with atherosclerotic heart disease are treatable surgically, and there is no indication that there will ever be developed any effective, preventative, pharmacologic treatment of atherosclerotic heart disease.
There is, therefore, a definite and almost urgent need for any technique or

The present invention is also directed to a stackable shipping container formed from a blank. The blank comprises a substantially rectangular bottom wall having two perpendicularly arranged pairs of opposed side edge regions. First and second pairs of opposed first sidewalls emanate from the two perpendicularly arranged pairs of opposed side edge regions. One pair of opposed second sidewalls emanate from first edge regions of the first pair of opposed first sidewalls. Pairs of first minor flaps emanate from second edge regions of each of the first pair of opposed first sidewalls. Pairs of second minor flaps are connected to third edge regions of each of the pair of opposed second sidewalls. Non-rectangular gusset panels are disposed substantially between the second minor flaps and the respective adjacent end edge regions of the respective second sidewalls. The first and second pairs of opposed first sidewalls, the pair of opposed second sidewalls, and the pairs of first minor flaps and pairs of second minor flaps are operably configured, upon articulation, so that each of the second sidewalls is folded inwardly, in juxtaposed overlying relation to an inside surface of a respective one of the first pair of first sidewalls, each of the first minor flaps is in juxtaposed overlying relation to an inside surface of a respective adjacent one of the second pair of first sidewalls, and each of the second minor flaps is in juxtaposed overlying relation to an inside surface of a respective one of the first minor flaps. Each of the non-rectangular gusset panels being defined by pairs of fold lines, each of which extend substantially obliquely with respect to fold lines separating the opposed first sidewalls from the bottom wall.
The present invention is also directed to a stackable shipping container formed from a blank. The blank comprises a substantially rectangular bottom wall having two perpendicularly arranged pairs of opposed side edge regions. First and second pairs of opposed first sidewalls emanate from the two perpendicularly arranged pairs of opposed side edge regions. One pair of opposed second sidewalls emanate from first edge regions of the first pair of opposed first sidewalls. Pairs of first minor flaps emanate from second edge regions of each of the first pair of opposed first sidewalls. Pairs of second minor flaps are connected to third edge regions of each of the pair of opposed second sidewalls. Rectangular gusset panels are disposed substantially between the second minor flaps and the respective adjacent end edge regions of the respective second sidewalls. The first and second pairs of opposed first side

Because the disease has usually spread by the time it is discovered, radiation therapy and chemotherapy are often used, sometimes in combination with surgery (S3-Leitlinie Lungenkarzinom, 2011). To expand the therapeutic options for NSCLC, different immunotherapeutic approaches have been studied or are still under investigation. While vaccination with L-BLP25 or MAGEA3 failed to demonstrate a vaccine-mediated survival advantage in NSCLC patients, an allogeneic cell line-derived vaccine showed promising results in clinical studies. Additionally, further vaccination trials targeting gangliosides, the epidermal growth factor receptor and several other antigens are currently ongoing. An alternative strategy to enhance the patient's anti-tumor T cell response consists of blocking inhibitory T cell receptors or their ligands with specific antibodies. The therapeutic potential of several of these antibodies, including ipilimumab, nivolumab, pembrolizumab, MPDL3280A and MEDI-4736, in NSCLC is currently evaluated in clinical trials (Reinmuth et al., 2015).
Ovarian Cancer
Immunotherapy appears to be a promising strategy to ameliorate the treatment of ovarian cancer patients, as the presence of pro-inflammatory tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, especially CD8-positive T cells, correlates with good prognosis and T cells specific for tumor-associated antigens can be isolated from cancer tissue.
Therefore, a lot of scientific effort is put into the investigation of different immunotherapies in ovarian cancer. A considerable number of pre-clinical and clinical studies have already been performed and further studies are currently ongoing. Clinical data are available for cytokine therapy, vaccination, monoclonal antibody treatment, adoptive cell transfer and immunomodulation.
Cytokine therapy with interleukin-2, interferon-alpha, interferon-gamma or granulocytemacrophage colony stimulating factor aims at boosting the patient's own anti-tumor immune response and these treatments have already shown promising results in small study cohorts.
Phase I and II vaccination studies, using single or multiple peptides, derived from several tumor-associated proteins (Her2/neu, NY-ESO-1, p53, Wilms tumor-1) or whole tumor antigens, derived from autologous tumor cells revealed good safety and tolerability profiles, but only low to moderate clinical effects.
Monoclonal antibodies that specifically recognize tumor-associated proteins are thought to enhance immune cell-mediated killing of tumor cells. The anti-CA-125 antibodies oregovomab and abagovomab as well as the

The present disclosure relates to electrosurgical instruments and methods for performing surgical procedures and, more particularly, to an electrosurgical vessel sealing instrument with a jaw assembly having one or more insulating members associated with the sealing plate that provide reduced thermal spread and reduced edge cutting while enabling improved dimensional tolerances during the prototyping and manufacturing process.
2. Background of Related Art
A hemostat or forceps is a simple pliers-like tool that uses mechanical action between its jaws to constrict tissue and is commonly used in open surgical procedures to grasp, dissect and/or clamp tissue. Electrosurgical forceps utilize both mechanical clamping action and electrical energy to effect hemostasis by heating the tissue and blood vessels to coagulate, cauterize and/or seal vascular tissue.
Using electrosurgical forceps, a surgeon can elect to seal, cauterize, coagulate, or desiccate tissue, or simply reduce or slow bleeding by controlling the intensity, frequency and duration of the electrosurgical energy applied to the tissue. Generally, the electrical configuration of electrosurgical forceps can be categorized in two classifications: 1) monopolar electrosurgical forceps; and 2) bipolar electrosurgical forceps.
Monopolar forceps utilize one active electrode associated with the clamping end effector and a remote patient return electrode or pad that is attached externally to the patient, e.g., on the leg or buttocks. When electrosurgical energy is applied, the energy travels from the active electrode, to the surgical site, through the patient, and to the return electrode.
Bipolar electrosurgical forceps utilize two generally opposing electrodes that are generally disposed on the inner facing or opposing surfaces of the end effectors (e.g., jaws of the instrument) which are, in turn, electrically coupled to an electrosurgical generator. Each electrode is charged to a different electric potential. Since tissue is a conductor of electrical energy, when the end effectors are utilized to clamp or grasp tissue therebetween, the electrical energy can be selectively transferred through the tissue to cause a change therein and effect sealing of the vessel.
Certain surgical procedures require sealing blood vessels or vascular tissue. The term “vessel sealing” is defined as the process of liquefying the collagen in the tissue so that the tissue cross-links and reforms into a fused mass. In order to form a burst-resistant and sound vessel seal, the application of sealing energy should be targeted to the specific region of tissue to

Currently, cloud computing provides shared computer processing resources and data to computers and other devices on demand. In addition, DevOps (a clipped combination of development and operations) emphasizes collaboration and communication of software developers and other information technology (IT) professionals while automating the process of software delivery and infrastructure changes.
Further, cloud and DevOps technologies may allow increased productivity and reduction of software time-to-market and costs. For example, DevOps may automate the process of software delivery, allowing fast deployment of changes from development to operations, which may result in increased speed and reliability when building, testing, and releasing software. Microservices is an architectural style in which applications comprise small, independent modules communicating via well-defined interfaces. These modules may be easily updated, modified or replaced without influencing the stability of the entire application.
LINUX™ containers is an example of an operating-system-level virtualization model which groups resources such as processes, files, and devices into isolated spaces. Container management and orchestration solutions, such as DOCKER™, are employed to create the containers and to control their lifecycle. For example, DOCKER™ may allow saving the state of containers to images that contain everything necessary for their execution including code, runtime, system tools, and system libraries. These images may be stored and instantiated to running containers wherever required. Thus, there is a well-defined lifecycle phases of containers defined by container management solutions, such as DOCKER™, which include their creation (build), distribution (pull) and deployment (run) stages. These may be executed, for example, on LINUX™ or WINDOWS™ hosts or any other suitable host operating system. As used below, the term “image” refers to such images. Finally, cloud computing service platform solutions (also referred to as Platform as a Service or PaaS cloud computing solutions), such as OPENSHIFT™ and CLOUDFOUNDRY™, may provide automatic orchestration of containerized services across large clusters of servers.
It is to be understood that references herein to LINUX™ are examples only and that embodiments of the invention are not limited to any particular operating-system-level virtualization model but may include or employ any other suitable OS-level virtualization model or models. It is to be further understood that references herein to DOCKER™ are likewise examples only and that embodiments of the invention are not limited to any particular container management and orchestration software but may include or employ any other suitable container management and

This invention relates generally to light-emitting semiconductor devices, or light-emitting diodes (LEDs) according to common parlance, and particularly to those having a light-absorptive substrate and a transparent envelope. More particularly, the invention deals with an LED featuring provisions for improved efficiency and directivity.
The LED of typical conventional make comprises a light-generating semiconductor region grown on a substrate, an electrode to one of a pair of opposite major surfaces of the light-generating semiconductor region, and another electrode to the other major surface of the light-generating semiconductor region. The light-generating semiconductor region together with the substrate is encapsulated in a transparent envelope.
The substrate of the LED may be made from electrical insulators notably including sapphire, which is highly transparent, or from electrical conductors including silicon and compound semiconductors such as those based upon gallium arsenide (GaAs) or gallium phosphide (GaP). All these conductive are cheaper than sapphire and additionally advantageous over the insulators in making the substrate a path for the LED drive current. However, the conductors are far more absorptive of light than sapphire, causing a great deal of the light radiated from the light-generating semiconductor region toward the substrate to be thereby absorbed and wasted and so lessening the efficiency of the LED.
A remedy to this dilemma is suggested for example in Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication No. 2005-277372. It teaches use of a reflector between the light-generating semiconductor region and the substrate of light-absorptive material. The light radiated toward the substrate is saved by being reflected back toward the light-emitting surface of the LED.
This prior art device has proved to possess a weakness: Part of the light issuing from the light-generating semiconductor region is reflected by the envelope back toward the substrate to be thereby absorbed through its side surfaces. As the LED has developed more and more in recent years for less energy consumption and greater optical output, such light absorption by the substrate presents now a hitch not to be overlooked for still higher LED efficiency. The Japanese patent publication cited hereinabove is silent on how to defeat this problem
Efficiency aside, the LED is required to possess “directional uniformity,” by which is meant a measure of evenness of light intensity in a given zone of illumination. This property is of particular significance in use of the LED as illuminator or the like. The patent publication above discloses no measures for directional uniformity, either.
Japanese Unexamined

2. Description of the Prior Arts
Referring to FIGS. 1 and 2, a conventional ceiling fan blade mounting assembly for ceiling fan generally includes mounting bracket 10 and blade 20. The mounting bracket 10 has a positioning portion 11 and a mounting portion 12, and an arm 13 is disposed between the positioning portion 11 and the mounting portion 12 for connecting them together. The positioning portion 11 is fixed to a base body of a ceiling fan, on the mounting portion 12 is provided with three joints 14, and each of the joints 14 has a head portion 141 and a rod portion 142, an elastic plate 15 is located close to the arm 13. The blade 20 is defined at an end thereof with three holes 21, and each of the holes 20 is further defined with a gap 22, the gap 22 of the holes 20 is directed to the same direction. Such that the respective holes 21 of the blade 20 can be aligned with the joints 14 of the mounting bracket 10, so as to make the head portion 141 of the joints 14 locate at an upper surface of the blade 20, and the rod portion 142 locate in the holes 21. And then pull the blade 20 in opposite direction to the mounting bracket 10, so as to make the rod portion 142 of the joints 14 engage in the gap 22, meanwhile, the elastic plate 15 is used to prevent disengagement of the blade 20 form the mounting bracket 10. However, in real operation, there are still some defects need to be improved:
First, after the blade 20 is mounted on the mounting bracket 10, the rod portion 142 of the joints 14 abuts against the bottom 221 of the gap 21 of the holes 22. In the meantime, a latch hook 151 of the elastic plate 15 abuts against a lower surface of the blade 20, since the mounting bracket 10 and the blade 20 rotate cyclically, and the gap 22 of the respective holes 21 are directed along the long side of the blade 20, a side 222 of the gap 22 and the rod portion 142 of the joints will apply forces to each other because of inertia, and the forces caused between the side 222 of the gap 22 and the rod portion 142 of the joints 14 will be the greatest just when the ceiling fan starts. In other words, the rod portion 142 of the joints 14 will abut against a side of the gap 20, but not abuts against the bottom 221 of the gap 22. After long time of usage, there will be gap appear between the rod portion 142 of the joints 14 and the gap 22, meanwhile,

Moreover, once the thermal battery has been activated, it is often a problem maintaining the high temperatures needed to keep the electrolyte in its molten state until power is no longer needed.
In addition, heating the state of the art thermal batteries to such high temperatures in order to melt the electrolytes and activate the battery requires significant time. The time required to activate prior art thermal batteries is on the order of tens to hundreds of milliseconds. It would be desirable to minimize this activation time.
Accordingly, it is desirable to find a suitable electrolyte for use in a thermal battery having a lower melting point than those employed by the prior art thermal batteries; consequently, melting the electrolyte and maintaining it in its molten state would require lesser quantities of heating materials. In addition, it is further desirable to provide a thermal battery cell the activation of which could be accomplished in a lesser amount of time and using lesser amounts of heating materials.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,764,438 (Vaughn et al.) provides a lightweight, thermally activated, solid state, electrochemical power supply which utilizes a solid alkali metal tetrachloroaluminate electrolyte in combination with a transition metal chloride containing cathode. The battery taught is thermally activated at relatively low temperatures of approximately 85.degree. C. to 105.degree. C. The battery taught, however, is not a thermal battery in accordance with the accepted definition of the term "thermal battery." The electrolyte in Vaughn et al. does not melt during the operation of the battery cell. The cell taught by Vaughn et al. is activated below the melting point of the electrolyte.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,117,207 (Nardi et al.) teaches a thermal battery which is activated at a relatively low temperature range of 165.degree. C. to 250.degree. C. Although the temperature taught by Nardi et al. to activate the thermal battery is lower than that needed to activate other conventional thermal batteries, it would be desirable to provide a thermal battery that can be activated at yet even lower temperatures; and hence, require the use of less pyrotechnic heating materials and provide for shorter activation times as well.
Nardi et al. further teaches a conventional method of making a thermal battery, which requires obtaining, and sometimes preparing, each of the cathode, electrolyte and anode materials in pulverized/powder form. Each of these materials is then separately die pressed layer-by-layer in an apparatus, such as the Carver die to

2. Description of the Prior Art
It is well known to use diamond bits for earth drilling using natural or synthetic diamonds bonded to supporting metallic or carbide studs or slugs. There are several types of diamond bits known to the drilling industry. In one type, the diamonds are a very small size and randomly distributed in a supporting matrix. Another type contains diamonds of a larger size positioned on the surface of a drill shank in a predetermined pattern. Still another type involves the use of a cutter formed of a polycrystalline diamond supported on a sintered carbide support.
Some of the most recent publications dealing with diamond bits of advanced design are Rowley, et al. U.S. Pat. No. 4,073,354 and Rohde, et al. U.S. Pat. No. 4,098,363. An example of cutting inserts using polycrystalline diamond cutters and an illustration of a drill bit using such cutters, is found in Daniels, et al. U.S. Pat. No. 4,156,329.
The most comprehensive treatment of this subject in the literature is probably the chapter entitled STRATAPAX bits, pages 541-591 in ADVANCED DRILLING TECHNIQUES, by William C. Maurer, The Petroleum Publishing Company, 1421 South Sheridan Road, P.O. Box 1260, Tulsa, Okla., 74101, published in 1980. This reference illustrates and discusses in detail the development of the STRATAPAX diamond cutting elements by General Electric and gives several examples of commercial drill bits and prototypes using such cutting elements.
Polycrystalline diamond inserts have had extensive treatment in the literature as cutting elements for drill bits but there has been no suggestion of the use or application of diamond elements for friction bearings and particularly for bearings in turbodrills where the conditions of load and wear are severe.
In co-pending application, Ser. No. 306,290, filed Sept. 28, 1981, there is disclosed a turbodrill having longitudinal thrust bearings consisting of polycrystalline-diamond-faced carbide inserts used in combination with conventional radial bearings. The diamond bearing inserts are positioned in cylindrical recesses in an annular supporting plate or ring with the flat diamond faces lying substantially in a plane.
While the diamond bearing inserts are made with a high degree of dimensional precision, it has been difficult to drill holes or recesses in the supporting plate with sufficient precision to locate the bearing surfaces accurately in a single plane

A large body of patent literature has emerged in the autodish area of detergent chemistry which provides relevant background to the present invention. Typical of automatic dishwashing technology are those thixotropic liquid compositions disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,116,849 (Leikhim), U.S. Pat. No. 4,431,559 (Ulrich), GB U.S. Pat. No. 2 116 199A (Julemont et al.) and GB U.S. Pat. No. 2 140 450A (Julemont et al.). A characteristic of the foregoing art is use of clay materials as thickeners to suspend electrolytes of limited water solubility. Clays normally scatter light imparting a dull and opaque appearance to the thixotropic liquids. Thereby results compositions of aesthetically undistinguished appearance. A product of a more pleasing transparent character is not therewith attainable.
Liquids, unlike powders, have a serious problem with component compatibility. For instance, chlorine releasing bleaches, normally found in powdered formulations, oxidatively attack many co-components found in liquid automatic dishwashing detergent compositions. Oxidation sensitive components include perfumes, surfactants and dyes.
Fabric washing formulations have been reported which encapsulate the bleach to isolate the latter from oxidation sensitive co-components. Illustrative is U.S. Pat. No. 4,655,780 (Chun et al.). Encapsulates usually comprise one or more outer protective coatings surrounding a core of a solid chlorine releasing material. The core material may be a potassium or sodium hydrated dichloroisocyanurate. Coatings may be formed from fatty acids, soaps, waxes, and organic polymers or copolymers. Examples of encapsulated materials and processes for their preparation may be found in U.S. Pat. No. 4,078,099 (Mazzola), U.S. Pat. No. 3,015,128 (Somerville), U.S. Pat. No. 3,310,612 (Somerville), U.S. Pat. No. 3,389,194 (Somerville) and an article in Chemical Technology, Oct. 1974, pp. 623-626 by Goodwin and Somerville entitled Microencapsulation by Physical Methods". All of the foregoing are herein incorporated by reference.
Note should be taken that the encapsulated active materials aforedescribed were intended for powdered products as coparticulates with the base detergent granules. There

2. Description of Related Art
In testing applications and other components in a data processing system, a system crash is not uncommon during the testing and debugging phase. A system crash may occur when a fault or error is present from which the operating system cannot recover. Software or hardware may cause a system crash. A system crash means that the data processing system stops working and may be the result of a hardware malfunction or a serious software error or bug. A bug is an error or defect in software or hardware that causes the data processing system or software to malfunction.
After a system crash data is typically collected for analysis on a different system or on the current system after a reboot.
Analysis of the data after a system crash typically occurs on a different data processing system. Data from this crash is typically collected via an OS dump to tape or disk storage or an external service processor or through some other type of external analyzer. Collecting the data for remote analysis has a number of benefits. For example, the data processing system can in some cases be returned to operation while data analysis occurs in parallel. Also, the data from the crash can be collected in a production environment and transmitted to experts for analysis.
Limitations, however, also are present. One limitation to saving and restoring trace data is the size of the trace data. Trace data is data that is collected by hardware monitors or software monitors. These monitors record a sequence of events or data to form the trace data. For example, a monitor may record a trace of program flows or the monitor may record the sequence of data processed by the program or possibly data transmitted between components of the data processing system. The size of the trace data typically collected has to be limited due to the resources available, such as the capacity of a tape or disk or possibly the storage in the service element or its offload capabilities. In addition, the time to offload the trace data is proportional to the size of the trace and the bandwidth of the offload interface.
The service element is typically a relatively slow and low bandwidth support processor in comparison to the data processing system it maintains. In addition, the service processor must be relatively simple and self-initializing. This type of processor is sized to have the ability to initialize the data processing system and monitor it at runtime. As with all components in the data processing system, it is sized for only its primary initialization and monitoring tasks due to costs.
Typically, the service element has very limited bandwidth as well as processing and storage resources. This type of limitation becomes a

It is known to use both mechanical and electrical control systems for wastegate valve operation. U.S. Pat. No. 6,012,289 entitled xe2x80x9cApparatus and Method for Utilizing a Learned Wastegate Control Signal for Controlling Turbocharger Operationxe2x80x9d, assigned to the assignee of the present invention, discloses a method for controlling an engine turbocharger having a wastegate control valve. The turbocharger is controlled by an electronic controller, which is capable of delivering a wastegate control signal to the wastegate control valve.
Turbocharged internal combustion engines having wastegate control valves can experience additional difficulties in operation at high altitude, due to the reduced atmospheric pressure. The reduced atmospheric pressure can result in unfavorable pressure differences across the wastegate diaphragm. The wastegate may not be able to open under the given control system, or may open less than required, causing higher than acceptable turbine inlet pressures. Machines operated at both high and low altitude locations are not easily outfitted with control strategies that will take into consideration the effects of changing altitudes on the wastegate control valve operation.
The present invention is directed to overcoming one or more of the problems as set forth above.
In one form thereof, the present invention provides an internal combustion engine with a combustion cylinder; an exhaust system in flow communication with the combustion cylinder, to receive exhaust gases from the combustion cylinder; a combustion air system connected in flow communication to the combustion cylinder, to supply air to the combustion cylinder for supporting combustion; and a turbocharger. The turbocharger includes a compressor having an inlet and an outlet, a turbine having an inlet connected to receive a flow of exhaust gases from the combustion cylinder, and a wastegate valve for controlling the flow of exhaust gases to the turbine. The wastegate valve includes a valve housing, and a valve diaphragm in the valve housing separating the valve housing into first and second valve compartments having a first valve compartment pressure and a second valve compartment pressure. One of the first and second valve compartment pressures is ambient pressure. A valve rod is connected to the valve diaphragm. A spring is operatively connected to exert a spring force against the valve rod, the spring having an installed spring length. An adjustable spring seat is adjustable in height, for varying the installed spring length of the spring in response to changes in the ambient pressure.
In another form thereof, the present invention provides a wastegate with a valve housing, a valve diaphragm in the valve housing

A category of fluid bearings in which the rotary shaft is supported by the film pressure of a lubricating oil interposed in a clearance between the outer peripheral surface of the shaft and the inner peripheral surface of the sleeve includes the following bearings: a fluid dynamic bearing in which the hydrodynamic developed by a groove provided either on the outer peripheral surface of the shaft or on the inner peripheral surface of the sleeve forms a film of a lubricating oil to raise and support the sliding surface of the rotary shaft; a porous oil-impregnated bearing in which a porous body of a sintered metal and the like is rendered self-lubricating by impregnation with a lubricating oil or grease and supports the rotary shaft; and a hydrodynamic type porous oil-impregnated bearing which is a porous oil-impregnated bearing provided with a groove for developing hydrodynamic on its bearing surface. They are suitable for use in instruments which are required to be driven at high speed with high rotary precision such as spindle motors in polygone scanner motors of laser beam printers (LBP) and in hard disk drives (HDD) and suitable for instruments which are driven at high speed under the conditions of imbalance loading caused by mounting of a disk such as spindle motors in optical disks like DVD-ROM and DVD-RAM or in magneto optical disks like MO.
In order to meet demands for low-torque bearings in small-sized spindle motors for information equipment, lubricating oils of relatively low viscosity are chosen for fluid dynamic bearings, porous oil-impregnated bearings and hydrodynamic type porous oil-impregnated bearings. Low-viscosity lubricating oils proposed hitherto include hydrocarbon-based PAO (poly-α-olefins), the diesters described in JP92-357318 A, the dialkyl carbonates and polyol esters described in JP96-259977 and the monoesters described in JP2000-63860.
Keeping pace with a growing trend in recent years for higher performance and mobile use in audio-visual and automated office equipment, there is a strong demand for greater speed and smaller size for spindle motors to be installed in the rotary parts of the equipment and, in consequence, always a demand for low-torque bearings in the parts supporting rotation. Factors influencing the torque of a bearing include the clearance and diameter of a bearing and also the viscosity of a lubricating oil is one of such factors.
Lubricating oils generally tend to evaporate more easily as the viscosity decreases. They cannot develop

Underground lawn sprinkler systems are well known and in wide use throughout the country. These systems include sprinkler heads mounted at or near grade level, some of which pop up when the sprinkler system is activated. However, when grass overgrows these sprinkler heads, sprinkling effectiveness is diminished or completely stifled.
Various lawn trimming devices, both manual and power activated, have been developed to trim the grass around the sprinkler heads. One such device is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4,862,862 to Wait, et al. which discloses a rigid two-bladed cutting device connectable to the rotational output of a lawn trimmer also known as a "weed eater".
Another similarly activated device is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4,357,752 invented by Goodwin which teaches a sprinkler head grass clipper having a generally cylindrical upright body for alignment over the sprinkler head to which is connected a plurality of outwardly extending cutting wires.
Richter, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,479,302 teaches a sprinkler head trimmer connectable to a conventional gasoline powered lawn edger which has an output shaft rotatable into an upright position to which is coupled a combination lawn edger and fixed blade sprinkler head trimmer.
Ford, in U.S. Pat. No. 3,555,680 teaches a manual sprinkler head trimmer connectable to a portable drill, this device teaching a series of three cylindrical concentric members each cooperatively functioning to trim the grass and dirt around a sprinkler head positioned below grade level.
In U.S. Pat. No. 3,747,213, a rotatably driven angular grass cutter for removal of grass and dirt around a sprinkler head is taught. This device is driven by an upright output shaft having fixed angular blades for cutting both soil and grass.
Various manual sprinkler head grass and lawn removers are shown in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,260,026 to Deckert, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,022,283 to Morgan and in U.S. Pat. No. 3,960,218 to Atchley, et al. None of these above inventions are similar to that of the present invention except in a very general nature addressing removal of grass overgrown around a sprinkler head.
None

In embodiments, photoconductors comprised of the disclosed hole blocking or undercoat layer enables, for example, the blocking of or minimization of the movement of holes or positive charges generated from the ground plane layer; and excellent cyclic stability, and thus color print stability especially for xerographic generated color copies. Excellent cyclic stability of the photoconductor refers, for example, to almost no or minimal change in a generated known photoinduced discharge curve (PIDC), especially no or minimal residual potential cycle up after a number of charge/discharge cycles of the photoconductor, for example about 200 kilocycles, or xerographic prints of, for example, from about 100 to about 200 kiloprints. Excellent color print stability refers, for example, to substantially no or minimal change in solid area density, especially in 60 percent halftone prints, and no or minimal random color variability from print to print after a number of xerographic prints, for example 50 kiloprints.
Further, in embodiments the photoconductors disclosed permit the minimization or substantial elimination of undesirable ghosting on developed images, such as xerographic images, including minimal ghosting, especially as compared to a similar photoconductor where titanium oxide is dispersed in a phenolic formaldehyde resin, and at various relative humidities; excellent cyclic and stable electrical properties; acceptable charge deficient spots (CDS); and compatibility with the photogenerating and charge transport resin binders, such as polycarbonates. Charge blocking layer and hole blocking layer are generally used interchangeably with the phrase “undercoat layer”.
The need for excellent print quality in xerographic systems is of value, especially in color generating systems. Common print quality issues can be dependent on the components of the undercoat layer (UCL). When the undercoat layer is too thin, then incomplete coverage of the substrate may sometimes result due to wetting problems on localized unclean substrate surface areas. This incomplete coverage may produce pin holes which can, in turn, produce print defects such as charge deficient spots (CDS) and bias charge roll (BCR) leakage breakdown. Other problems include image “ghosting” resulting from, it is believed, the accumulation of charge somewhere in the photoreceptor. Removing trapped electrons and holes residing in the imaging members is a factor in preventing ghosting. During the exposure and development stages of xerographic cycles, the trapped electrons are mainly at or near the interface between the charge generation layer (CGL) and the undercoat layer (U

The concave portion 65 is provided with a pair of notch portions 67 and a pair of concave portion side overhang portions 68 extending in the circumference direction on the inner circumference surface at an opening end portion.
On the other hand, the cylindrical convex portion 66 that can be inserted into the concave portion 65 is formed at a raw water inlet 69 of the filtration portion 62. The convex portion 66 has a diameter slightly smaller than the interior diameter of the concave portion 65 defined at the tip end portion of the pair of the concave portion side overhang portions 68. The convex portion 66 is provided with a pair of convex portion side overhang portions 71 on the outer surface at the tip end. The overhang portions 71 are formed so that they are respectively allowed to go into the pair of notch portions 67 formed on the inner circumference surface of the concave portion 65.
According to the above arrangement, the convex portion 66 is inserted into the concave portion 65, and then the both are displaced relatively to each other around the coaxial core, whereby the water purifier main body 61 and the filtration portion 62 are coupled to each other. In other words, the concave portion side overhang portions 68 and the convex portion side overhang portions 71 are engaged with each other at their respective opposing surfaces. Also, according to the above arrangement, by displacing the convex portion 66 and the concave portion 65 relatively to each other in a direction opposite to the engaging direction, the concave portion side overhang portions 68 and the convex portion side overhang portions 71 are spaced apart from each other, thereby allowing the filtration portion 62 to be detached from the water purifier main body 61.
To be more specific, as shown in FIG. 12, the surfaces of the convex portion side overhang portions 71 that engage with the surfaces of the concave portion side overhang portions 68 are tilted toward the axial direction, which not only makes relative displacement of these components toward the axial direction smooth, but also improves engaging adhesion to each other. The convex portion side overhang portions 71 are provided with stoppers 72 at the end portions for regulating relative displacement of the convex portion 66 and the concave portion 65 around the coaxial core. When the end portions of the concave portion side overhang portions 68 are stopped by the stoppers 72, the overhang portions 68 and 71 are engaged with each other, and the tip end surface of the convex portion 66 presses against a seal member 70, whereupon the convex portion 66 and the concave portion 65 are engaged with each other fluid-tight.
Further

Gas hydrates have a non-stoichiometric crystalline structure that consists of low molecular weight gas molecules (i.e. CH4, C2H6, CO2, etc) and host water molecules. In gas hydrates, gas molecules are encaged within water cavities. Because of this structure, water molecules are called ‘host’ molecules and gas molecules are called ‘guest’ molecules. The stoichiometric formula of gas hydrates is Gas (H2O)n, where n is the hydration number. The hydration number is usually 5 to 8 in a water cavity. The water cavity structure is maintained via hydrogen bonds between water molecules under the guest gas environment. Typically there is van der Waals bonding between a non-polar gas molecule and a host water molecule.
The current reserve of natural gas in hydrate sediments provides a tremendous potential as a future energy source (estimated at 104 giga-tons (Gt) of carbon and this amount exceeding all other fossil fuel deposits (5,000 Gt) on earth). Gas hydrates are known to exist as one of three structures; structure I, structure II, and structure H. Structure I is a body centered cubic structure; these hydrates are generally present in the permafrost region and in deep oceans. Structure II is a diamond lattice formed with the gases that are bigger than ethane and smaller than pentane. Structure H has three different cavities with square, pentagonal and hexagonal faces while structures I and II form two types of cavities; pentagonal dodecahedron (small cavity), tetrakaidecahedron (structure-I large cavity) and hexakaidecahedron (structure-II large cavity).
Gas hydrates were first discovered by Humphry Davy in 1811. In the mid 1930's the importance of gas hydrates was emphasized after Hammerschmidt discovered that gas hydrates were responsible for plugging natural gas process and transportation lines. For a long time, research in the petroleum industry had been focused on avoiding the formation of gas hydrates.
In addition, gas hydrates serve as a good medium for storing and transporting natural gas and hydrogen. Methane hydrates hold more than 160 volumes of methane gas per unit volume of hydrate at a standard state condition (0° C., 1 atm). The high concentration of gas in the hydrates has led researchers to consider intentionally forming these materials for the purpose of storing and transporting natural gases more safely and cost effectively. Many bulk gas hydrate formation processes

An engine's air-fuel ratio may be controlled to reduce engine emissions. During some conditions, the engine's air-fuel ratio may deviate from a desired air-fuel ratio due to manufacturing variation or degradation of engine components. One source of engine air-fuel ratio error may be fuel injectors not delivering a desired or expected amount of fuel. Another source of engine air-fuel error may be an inaccurate engine air flow estimate based on an engine air flow sensor. An aggregate air-fuel ratio error may be determined via an oxygen sensor position in the engine's exhaust system, but the aggregate error provides little insight into whether the air-fuel error is a result of fueling or the engine air flow estimate. The engine air-fuel ratio error may be corrected via injecting more or less fuel to the engine. However, if the engine air-fuel error was actually a result of an engine air flow estimate, adjustments to engine air flow related actuators and determination of engine air flow related control parameters, such as engine torque, may be improper. Therefore, it may be desirable to provide separate and accurate estimates of engine air flow and fuel flow.
The inventors herein have recognized the above-mentioned disadvantages and have developed a method, comprising: receiving vehicle information from one or more sensors to a controller; adjusting a value of a first transfer function responsive to motor/generator operating conditions and an output of a second transfer function, the first transfer function a first basis for determining engine air flow, the second transfer function a second basis for determining engine air flow; and adjusting a torque actuator of an engine responsive to the adjusted value.
By updating a first engine air flow related transfer function responsive to motor/generator conditions and a second engine air flow related transfer function, it may be possible to improve engine air flow estimates without having to rely on estimated exhaust gas concentrations. Further, by not using an oxygen sensor to estimate engine air flow it may be possible to reduce a number of variables that may influence engine air flow determination. For example, it may be possible to estimate engine air flow when an engine is rotating but not combusting air and fuel. Consequently, parameters that may influence air flow through the engine, such as fuel properties and spark timing, may be eliminated from engine air flow estimates so that engine air flow variability may be reduced.
The present description may provide several advantages. Specifically, the approach may improve vehicle efficiency over a vehicle's life cycle. Further, the approach may reduce engine air-fuel mixture variation. Further still, the approach may improve engine torque

IAPs bind to and incapacitate caspases, a class of cysteine proteases involved in programmed cell death. Caspases bind to BIR (baculovirus IAP repeat) domain of IAPs, an approximately 70 amino acid zinc-binding motif. XIAP (human X chromosome encoded IAP), cIAP1 (cellular IAP1) and cIAP2 (cellular IAP2) each consists of three tandem adjoined BIR domains at the N-terminus, and other mammalian IAPs have one BIR domain. XIAP is the most effective caspase inhibitor among the IAPs class, which binds to both caspase-9 (the initiator caspase) and caspase 3/7 (the effector caspase), respectively. Even though the roles of cIAP1 and 2 in programmed cell death are still unknown, both bind to TNF-receptor 1 signaling complexes.
Smac/DIABLO (the second mitochondrial activator of caspase/direct IAP-binding protein with low pI), a polypeptide released from mitochondria during the apoptotic signal release, regulates the activities of IAPs by binding to the same sites to which IAPs bind. In addition, IAPs gene amplification and overexpression of IAPs have been found in many tumor cells.
For the above reasons, the resistance of tumor cells to apoptosis has been thought to be an important mechanism in tumor progression, and accordingly, there has been suggested that exploiting the difference between the mechanisms in tumor cells and those in normal cells may be as an effective anticancer therapeutic strategy. Further, such drugs must act selectively on cancer cells, exerting no adverse influence on normal cells.
Such drugs have been investigated by several international pharmaceutical manufacturers, as was disclosed in WO2008/073305A1, WO2008/073306A1, WO2008/016893A2, WO2006/107963A1, WO2006/113376A1, and WO2005/097791A1 by Novartis, WO2009/089502A1 and WO2008/079735A1 by Genetech, WO2007/131366A1 by Aegera, WO2008/014252A2 by TetraLogic, and others.
As to the methods for inhibiting IAPs, studies on Smac/DIABLO, a natural IAP inhibitory protein, structure mimetics are currently in progression. As a result, it has been found that the key sequence of alanine-

Pistol grip hose nozzles have been known for many years and have received widespread commercial usage in the last thirty years. The most prevalent type of commercial pistol grip hose nozzle embodies a rigid hollow nozzle body including a hand grip portion having its lower end open and interiorly threaded to receive a male hose fitting for communicating a source of water under pressure to the hollow interior of the hand grip portion. Extending forwardly at an angle from the upper end of the hand grip portion is an integral barrel portion having a forward end formed with an outlet orifice. A flow control rod is mounted within the barrel portion and includes a forward annular water shut off ring normally spring urged to engage a shut off washer disposed inwardly of the outlet orifice and a control stem extending through the orifice to vary the flow rate and discharge pattern in accordance with its relative axial position within the orifice. The control rod extends rearwardly outwardly of the barrel portion through a suitable seal and its rearward extremity is threaded to adjustably receive a knob thereon. An elongated actuating lever is pivoted to the nozzle in a position such that an elongated lower portion is normally disposed in rearwardly spaced relation along the hand grip portion of the nozzle body and a shorter upper portion is connected to move with the adjustable knob. Pistol grip hose nozzles of this type are disclosed in numerous patents, early examples of which are U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,536,167 and Des. 148,892.
Pistol grip hose nozzles of the type described above are manually actuated by manually gripping in one hand both the hand grip portion of nozzle body and the elongated lower portion of the actuating lever. The extent of the movement of the actuating lever by a simple squeezing action simultaneously determines the flow rate and spray pattern. When it is desired to maintain the flow rate and spray pattern at one position, it is necessary to hold the actuating lever in such position against the spring bias. Alternatively, the operator could flip a bail from its normal inoperative position into an operative position holding the actuating lever in an actuated position. The position of the control rod for that retained actuated position could be adjusted by manually adjusting the position of the knob.
Efforts have been made over the years to provide cost effective improvements which make pistol grip hose nozzles more convenient, more comfortable and easier to use. For example, more comfort has been provided by insulating the hand grip portion of the hose nozzle body. One such insulating arrangement which

The coefficient of restitution (C.O.R.) in solid core balls is a function of the composition of the molded core and of the cover. In balls containing a wound core (i.e. balls comprising a liquid or solid center, elastic windings, and a cover), the coefficient of restitution is a function of not only the composition of the center and cover, but also the composition and tension of the elastomeric windings.
The present invention relates to the addition of a polypropylene powder resin to polybutadiene core compositions, such as those disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,726,590; 4,838,556; 4,844,471; and 4,852,884 in order to produce solid golf ball cores and/or centers exhibiting enhanced hardness without an increase in weight and a substantial reduction in C.O.R. It has been found that the addition of a polypropylene powder resin results in a core which is too hard (i.e. exhibits low compression) and thus allows for a reduction in the amount of crosslinking agent utilized to soften the core to a normal compression.
Furthermore, because polypropylene powder resin can be added to core composition without an increase in weight of the molded core upon curing, the addition of the polypropylene powder allows for the addition of large amounts of higher specific gravity fillers, such as mineral fillers. Since the crosslinking agents utilized in the polybutadiene core compositions are expensive and/or the higher specific gravity fillers are relatively inexpensive, the addition of the polypropylene powder resin substantially lowers the cost of the golf ball cores while maintain proper weight and compression.
Along these lines, although other particulate thermoplastic materials have been evaluated, including relatively low specific gravity thermoplastic powders (i.e. polystyrene, polyethylene, polymethyl methacrylate, etc.), it has been found that these powdered resins do not increase the hardness of the cores to the degree desired, thus still requiring use of larger amounts of the expensive crosslinking agents such as zinc diacrylate, and/or they reduce the C.O.R. values to undesirable ranges. Furthermore, the alternative thermoplastic powder resins produce, when compounded, heavier cores than the present invention. Consequently, the addition of the inexpensive mineral fillers is substantially limited in the powdered plastics in comparison to the present invention.
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention to provide improved polybutadiene core compositions which, when utilized to formulate golf balls, produce golf balls exhibiting enhanced

iscsi.com.acme.sw.hostid.4567890
The target may also provide a default iSCSI Target Name called “iSCSI” that is not a globally unique name. An initiator can log into this default target iSCSI Target Name and use a text command called “SendTargets” to retrieve a list of iSCSI Target Names that exist at that address.
iSCSI targets can be identified by a flexible path address (URL), where the path is the combination of DNS name or IP address, a TCP port, and the target iSCSI Name. An iSCSI address specifies a single path to an iSCSI target. The iSCSI address contains the iSCSI Name and is presented in a URL-like format. The iSCSI address format is as follows.
<domain-name>[:<port >]/<iSCSI Name>
The iSCSI address or URL is not generally used within normal connections between iSCSI initiators and targets; it is primarily used during discovery.
An alias is simply a descriptive name that can be assigned to an initiator or target that is independent of the iSCSI Name, and does not have to be unique. iSCSI Names and aliases are encoded in the UTF-8 text format, which allows them to include international characters, as well as ASCII.
Domain Name Service (DNS) may be used to resolve the <domain-name> of the URL to one or multiple IP addresses. When a domain-name resolves to multiple IP addresses, these addresses should be equivalent for functional purposes. This means that the addresses can be used interchangeably with consistent performance. The discovery process responds to two basic inquiries from an initiator: 1) where is iSCSI Target Name “iscsi.com.acme.sn.8675309”? and 2) I am iSCSI Initiator Name “iscsi.com.ame.sw.hostid.4567890” which target should I attempt to access?
An iSCSI initiator can discover an iSCSI target in the following different ways: 1) by configuring the target's address on the initiator, 2) by configuring a default target address on the initiator and the initiator connects to the target and requests a list of iSCSI Names, via a separate SendTargets command, 3) by issuing Service Location Protocol (SLP) multicast requests, to

An implantable SCS system typically includes one or more electrode-carrying stimulation leads, which are implanted at a stimulation site in proximity to the spinal cord tissue (e.g., the dorsal column) of the patient, and a neurostimulator implanted remotely from the stimulation site, but coupled either directly to the stimulation lead(s) or indirectly to the stimulation lead(s) via a lead extension. The neurostimulation system may further comprise a handheld patient programmer to remotely instruct the neurostimulator to generate electrical stimulation pulses in accordance with selected stimulation parameters. The handheld programmer may, itself, be programmed by a technician attending the patient, for example, by using a Clinician's Programmer (CP), which typically includes a general purpose computer, such as a laptop, with a programming software package installed thereon.
Thus, programmed electrical pulses can be delivered from the neurostimulator to the stimulation lead(s) to stimulate or activate a volume of the spinal cord tissue. In particular, electrical stimulation energy conveyed to the electrodes creates an electrical field, which when strong enough, depolarizes (or “stimulates”) the neural fibers within the spinal cord beyond a threshold level, thereby inducing the firing of action potentials (APs) that propagate along the neural fibers to provide the desired efficacious therapy to the patient.
As briefly discussed above, SCS may be to treat patients suffering from motor disorders. Symptoms of motor disorders may be the result of control issues driven by sensory input. A patient with a motor disorder may have a healthy motor cortex, but the input to the motor cortex may be inappropriate. An imbalance between excitatory and inhibitory input into the motor cortex may result in motor disorder symptoms, such as tremor, bradykinesia, abnormal gait, akinesia, and the like. Sensory input travels to the motor cortex via sensory nerves in the dorsal column. Thus, in an effort to restore balance between the excitatory and inhibitory inputs into the motor cortex, stimulation is applied to the dorsal column of the spinal cord in conventional SCS treatments for motor disorders. In order to apply stimulation to the dorsal column 102, the stimulation lead 12 is positioned in the dorsal region 122 of the epidural space 120, as shown in cross-section in FIG. 1. Such dorsal column stimulation for treating symptoms of motor disorders has not yet found widespread use, however, because long-term efficacy in a large number of patients has not been demonstrated. Anecdotal successes have been observed with dorsal column stimulation for motor disorders, but there

The present invention relates to a current sensor which detects an electric current flowing through a current path to be measured, and more particularly relates to a current sensor which detects an electric current flowing through a current path to be measured, using a magnetoelectric conversion element.
2. Description of the Related Art
Current sensors which are attached to a current path to be measured and detect electric currents flowing through the current path to be measured, in order to control or monitor various types of electronic equipment, are well known. Hall elements and magnetoresistive elements are known current sensor of this type. Using multiple elements to improve sensitivity of magnetoelectric conversion elements, reduce effects of external magnetic fields, and so forth, is known.
There has conventionally been proposed a current sensor 900 having a recessed cutout formed to clasp a current path to be measured, which is omitted from illustration (see Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 2001-066327), as illustrated in FIG. 17. FIG. 17 is a perspective view schematically illustrating the structure of the current sensor 900 described in Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 2001-066327. The current sensor 900 illustrated in FIG. 17 is configured including a casing 920 in which is formed a recessed cutout 911 to receive a current path to be measured, a board 910 which is disposed inside the casing 920 and has a cutout 921, and magnetoelectric conversion elements (Hall elements here) 930 and 931 which are situated nearby the cutout 911 and output electric signals in accordance with the intensity of an magnetic field generated by an electric current flowing through a conductor. This is said to provide a current sensor 900 small in size and easy to attach.
There is also known a current sensor where four magnetic impedance elements are disposed facing each other across an electric line holding portion which holds an electric line, at the center (see EP1037056A1). This current sensor has an arc-shaped opening, serving as the electric line holding portion, formed at an engaging portion of a casing made up of a protruding portion and a recessed portion. The four magnetic impedance elements are disposed facing each other around the opening, so as to be at equal spacing in the circumferential direction.
Further, a current sensor using a greater number of magnetoelectric conversion elements in order to improve measurement precision as compared to the aforementioned conventional technology are described in Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 2001-066327 and EP1037056A1, can be conceived. FIG.

Recently, techniques related to 3D images have been developed to provide images having a sense of depth to the audience, and the 3D image techniques use a principle of feeling a sense of depth even from a planar image if different images respectively enter left and right eyes of a person and merge together in the brain, in which two cameras having different polarized light filters are used when an image is taken, and a user wears glasses or the like having polarized light filters when watching the image so that different images may enter the left and right eyes.
However, although the 3D technique may provide an image having a sense of depth to a user, there is a limit in that it is difficult to be absorbed in the image itself since it is merely watching an image played back on a single screen. In addition, there is also a limit in that the direction of the sense of depth felt by the audience is restricted to the direction where the single screen exists. In addition, since the conventional 3D technique requires the audience to wear glasses or the like having polarized light filters when watching an image, t is inconvenient for the audience who watch the image, and since different images are artificially and forcibly injected into the left and right eyes, sensitive audience may feel dizzy or nausea.
Accordingly, a so-called ‘multi-projection system’ which can solve the problems of the conventional projection system based on a single screen has been proposed, and the ‘multi-projection system’ mentioned here means a technique capable of providing a sense of depth and a sense of immersion to the audience by arranging a plurality of projection surfaces around the audience seats and playing back an image having a sense of unity on the plurality of projection surfaces.
Meanwhile, in order to efficiently perform a data processing operation (e.g., image correction, simulation of a view of showing an image or the like) related to the operation of the ‘multi-projection system’, a technique of creating information on the ‘structure of a theater’ and utilizing the information for data processing is needed. It is since that because the ‘multi-projection system’ should implement a plurality of projection surfaces unlike a conventional projection system which includes only a single projection surface, the system should be constructed in a different form according to the ‘structure of a theater’ and should perform a different data processing operation (e.g., image correction, simulation of a state of showing an image or the like) according to the ‘structure of a theater’.
However, in a conventional projection system installing only a single screen

Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 2002-163241 relates to dynamic reconfiguration of resources of a service provider in response to a change in demand. In the system disclosed herein, a load balancer assigns an access request (service request) from each client 1 to one of servers operating in a server cluster. Then, when the access increases or decreases, a management module gives an instruction to change the configuration of the server cluster, and adds a sever 6 to the server cluster or removes a server from the server cluster or the like. The management module reflects the change in configuration of the server cluster in an access assignment target list of the load balancer.
Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 2003-162516 relates to a high-speed large-volume-data processing system capable of dynamic and static configurations of resources such as networks, processors, and data storages and of dynamic and static allocation of data processing works in order to handle data processing requests of large-volume data issued from multiple users. Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 2003-162516 discloses a multiprocessor system and a data storage system which include a network backend server connecting multiple high-speed data processing devices and multiple data storage devices together via an ultra-high-speed network. In response to data processing requests issued from multiple terminal devices, the multiprocessor system and the data storage system can process large-volume-data at high speed by using a function of dynamically and statically distributing a network load and a data processing load. To this end, with the positions of the data storages in the network, the network load, and the data processing load dynamically and statically taken into consideration, a network topology and a processor topology are dynamically and statically configured and the data processing works are dynamically and statically distributed to the multiple high-speed data processing devices.
Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 2005-141605 relates to a resource distribution method capable of sharing excess resources among multiple services and thus reducing the maintenance cost of the excess resources. In this resource distribution method, a standby computer resource is in a dead standby state where at least no application is installed and the computer resource in the dead standby state is shared among multiple services or multiple users. This achieves an improvement in usage rate of idle computer resources and integration of servers, thereby leading to reduction in cost required to maintain the computer resources. Moreover, load prediction is performed by using operation histories of respective services, and idle computer resources reserved and kept for services are inputted to the services according

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a width variable structure of a moving and transport means using mecanum wheels, and more particularly, to a width variable structure of a moving and transport means using mecanum wheels, which can adjust the width of the moving and transport means in horizontal and vertical directions using four wheels.
2. Description of the Prior Art
A mecanum wheel is a wheel that moves in a diagonal direction rather than a rotating direction when idle rollers are slantingly mounted on the all the wheels. FIGS. 1A to 1E, illustrate a conventional moving and transport means using mecanum wheels. In particular, idle rollers are coupled to the rotating mecanum wheels, and when the mecanum wheels are rotated, the moving direction of the moving and transport means becomes a diagonal direction as indicated by an arrow.
In this case, if the mecanum wheels are connected, the object moves in a direction that corresponds to a sum vector in a diagonal direction of the respective mecanum wheels. That is, by mounting the mecanum wheels in different slanting directions to face each other and rotating all the mecanum wheels in one direction, the object moves forward.
FIG. 1A illustrates the driving principle of mecanum wheels in which the moving and transport means configured to move forward and backward, and FIG. 1B illustrates the driving principle of mecanum wheels in which the moving and transport means configured to move left and right. FIG. 1C illustrates the driving principle of mecanum wheels in which the moving and transport means configured to move in forward left and forward right diagonal directions, and FIG. 1D illustrates the driving principle of mecanum wheels in which the moving and transport means configured to move backwards left and backwards right diagonal directions. On the other hand, FIG. 1E illustrates the driving principle of mecanum wheels in which the moving and transport means configured to move clockwise or counterclockwise.
As illustrated in FIG. 2, a width variable structure of a moving and transport means using mecanum wheels in the related art varies the width in the vertical direction of the moving and transport means using the mecanum wheels. In the above-described width variable structure, mecanum wheels 10 and 11, provided on the forward left and right sides, are connected through a forward link 21, the mecanum wheels 12, and 13 provided on the back left and right sides are connected through a backward link 22, and

Aspects and embodiments relate to: a plasmonic switching device and a method of providing a plasmonic switching device; an electromagnetic waveguide transmission modulation device and method of providing such a device; and a further electromagnetic waveguide transmission modulation device and method of providing such a device.
2. Background
Photonic circuits can be equipped with photonic components which have a greater speed and can handle larger bandwidths when compared to equivalent electronic components. However, such photonic components may be prevented from attaining particularly compact, for example, nanoscale, dimensions as a result of diffraction.
One approach to overcome the diffraction limit recognises that utilisation of surface plasmon polaritons (SPPs) can be useful. Such SPPs arise due to the coupling of light to free electron oscillations at an interface between a dielectric and a metal. The ability to control and manipulate light on the nanoscale via SPP modes can offer a means to construct compact optical components for use in applications including: data storage, information technologies and sensing. In order for plasmonic circuitry to be realized, a component which is able to efficiently operate to “switch” a signal is required. It is recognised that switching may occur by means of alteration of propagation characteristics or alteration of excitation of SPPs.
Plasmonic systems may be implemented to demonstrate active functionalities. Such plasmonic systems may incorporate, for example, thermo- and electro-optic media, quantum dots, and/or photochromic molecules and such systems are achieving incremental performance progress in relation to switching and modulation applications. However, long switching times (>nanosecond) and/or the need for relatively strong control energy (˜μJ/cm2) to observe sensible signal modulation (35% to 80%) can limit the practical use of such structures in signal processing or other active opto-electronic nanodevices. It will be appreciated that in order for active plasmonics to offer a viable technological platform, both the magnitude and speed of an employed nonlinearity, together with the spectral/spatial tunability of that effect must be improved.
It is desired to provide an improved plasmonic device.
Optical components play a key role in industry today and can frequently be found in common instrumentation devices. Such devices are used to serve a broad range of applications, in areas as varied as: communications systems, health and safety, security systems, and biometrics. Optical components provide a means to implement some key functionalities and can allow the harvest, generation, conversion, processing and other manipulation

1. Technical Field
The present invention relates to a recording apparatus for feeding and transporting a medium and recording data on the medium which is being transported and a medium transporting method.
2. Related Art
In the related art, a printer which is a recording apparatus includes an auto sheet feeder (hereinafter, referred to as ASF) (for example, see JP-A-2005-96450). When a printing operation starts, a sheet of paper stored in the ASF is fed by the driving of the ASF and a front end of the sheet is automatically positioned at a printing start position.
The ASF starts the feeding of a next sheet after a previous sheet has been fed and ejected. However, in this feeding method, since the feeding operation of the next sheet starts after the previous sheet has been ejected, a gap between the previous sheet and the next sheet exists and a relatively long standby time occurs between the completion of a printing operation of the previous sheet and the start of a printing operation of the next sheet. Accordingly, printing throughput deteriorates.
In order to solve this problem, JP-A-2005-96450 discloses a printing apparatus (recording apparatus) for consecutively transporting a previous sheet and a next sheet with a predetermined gap between the previous sheet and the next sheet. According to this printing apparatus, an ejection operation of the previous sheet and a feeding operation of the next sheet are simultaneously performed so as to reduce a standby time between the completion of a printing operation of the previous sheet and the start of a printing operation of the next sheet. Accordingly, it is possible to improve printing throughput.
In order to detect the front end of the fed sheet, a paper detection sensor for detecting a front end of the sheet is provided between a feeding roller and a paper transporting roller of the ASF. However, if the sheets are consecutively fed such that a gap is not ensured between the previous sheet and the next sheet, the paper detection sensor cannot detect the front end of the sheet. In addition, sheets may be double fed in a state in the rear end of the previous sheet and the front end of the next sheet partially overlap. Accordingly, even when the sheets are consecutively fed, a predetermined gap should be maintained between the previous sheet and the next sheet.
For example, in JP-A-2005-96450, in order to prevent double feeding of the sheets, the transport of the next sheet (a recording sheet of a next page) starts after the rear end of

Many other systems have been proposed in which chemical conversion of sulfur dioxide is involved. Fatlinger et al., U.S. Pat. No. 3,510,253, is an example in which stoichiometric amounts of ammonia are used to form ammonium sulfite or ammonium bisulfite which may be recovered and by reaction with a strong base converted into a corresponding other sulfite with liberation of ammonia for recycle purposes. Alternatively, the sulfite solution may be admixed with sulfuric acid to convert the sulfite to ammonium sulfate with simultaneous liberation of sulfur dioxide and the liquor recycled as a pre-stage system prior to the ammonia addition stage. In any case, an on-site sulfuric acid plant is required to convert sulfuric dioxide to the sulfuric acid used to displace sulfur dioxide from the scrubbing liquor or an independent sulfuric acid supply would be required should the end product be sulfur dioxide or ammonium sulfite.
The Fatlinger et al. patent represents but one approach in the chemical conversion area which, in general, involves the formation of a sulfite. For example, the Bevans et al. patent, U.S. Pat. No. 3,386,798, involves the conversion of calcium chloride to calcium sulfite and calcium sulfate; the Clarke patent, U.S. Pat. No. 2,128,027, involves the conversion of an organic base to the corresponding sulfite; and Lessing and Nonhebal et al., U.S. Pat. Nos. 2.080,779 and 2,090,142, respectively, both involve conversion of lime or limestone to calcium sulfite and calcium sulfate. In all of these processes, although it appears not to have been recognized, a serious limitation exists due to chemical equilibrium problems arising between the sulfur dioxide and the sulfite produced, i.e. a significant fraction of the sulfur dioxide is not absorbed because of the chemistry of the reaction even in a well engineered system.
That is to say, sulfur dioxide is readily expelled from sulfites by heat or by strong mineral acids. As a matter of fact, a standard laboratory procedure for preparation of sulfur dioxide involves heating an acidic aqueous solution of sodium bisulfite. Thus, prior art wet scrubbers which absorb sulfur dioxide with an acidic aqueous medium to form sulfites are propense to allowing substantial amount of sulfur dioxide to escape into the atmosphere. A number of systems employ an alkaline wet scrubber medium which successfully minimizes expulsion of sulfur dioxide by acid displacement and therefore overcomes this disadvantage of

Wherein, the process of coding the uplink control information includes:
Firstly the required numbers of coded symbols Q′ACK and Q′RI calculated according to the formula
            Q      ′        =          min      (                        ⌈                                    O              ·                              M                sc                                  PUSCH                  -                  initial                                            ·                              N                symb                                  PUSCH                  -                  initial                                            ·                              β                offset                PUSCH                                                                    ∑                                  r                  =                  0                                                  C                  -                  1                                            ⁢                                                          ⁢                              K                r                                              ⌉                ,                  4          ·                      M            sc            PUSCH                              )        ,and the number of the coded symbols Q′CQI is calculated according to the formula
            Q      ′        =          min      (                        ⌈                                                    (                                  O                  +                  L                                )                            ·                              M                sc                                  PUSCH                  -                  initial                                            ·                              N                symb                                  PUSCH                  -                  initial                                            ·                              β                offset                PUSCH                                                                    ∑                                  r                  =                  0                                                  C                  -                  1                                            ⁢                                                          ⁢                              K                r                                              ⌉                ,                                            M              sc              PUSCH                        ·                          N              symb              PUSCH                                -                                    Q              RI                                      Q              m                                          )        ,where O represents the number of bits of the uplink control information to be transmitted; MscPUSCH represents the bandwidth of the current subframe, which is used for PUSCH transmission and is expressed with the number of subcarriers; NsymbPUSCH-initial represents the number of the symbols used in initial PUSCH transmission except Demodulation Reference Signal (DMRS) and Sounding Reference Signal (SRS); MSCPUSCH-initial represents the bandwidth when performing the initial PUSCH transmission and is expressed with the number of subcarriers; C represents the corresponding number of code blocks of the transport block after CRC and code block segmentation; Kr represents the number of bits corresponding to each code block of the transport block. With regard to one transport block, C, Kr and MSCPUSCH-initial are obtained from initial PDCCH; when the PDCC

Sport racquets, such as tennis racquets, are well known and typically include a frame having a head portion coupled to a handle portion. The head portion supports a string bed having a plurality of main string segments alternately interwoven with a plurality of cross string segments. Many racquets also include a throat portion positioned between and connecting the handle portion to the head portion. Sports racquets were initially primarily made of wood. Wood racquets were largely superseded by racquets formed of aluminum and other alloys. Aluminum racquets significantly improved the durability and reliability of racquets while increasing the power and strength of the racquets. Typically, aluminum racquets are formed of a drawn or extruded tube curved to substantially form a hoop with the two ends drawn together to form the throat tubes and the handle of the racquet. Today, many racquets are formed at least in part of a fiber composite material. Typically, bundles of high tensile strength fibers, such as carbon or graphite fibers, are coaxially aligned and intermixed with a resin typically formed of a thermoset material into sheets or layers of uncured fiber composite material. Multiple layers of uncured fiber composite material are typically carefully wrapped over a mandrel or an inflated tube to form the shape of a racquet. The wrapped layers are then placed into a mold and cured under heat and pressure to produce a fiber composite racquet frame. Racquets formed of fiber composite material have many advantageous characteristics, such as, for example, being lightweight, providing more design flexibility, and providing exceptional power, control and/or feel.
However, racquets formed of aluminum or fiber composite materials include some drawbacks. Aluminum is becoming increasing expensive and more difficult to obtain and process for applications such as sports racquets. The supply and manufacturing expertise of aluminum is becoming in increasing short supply. Fiber composite materials have similar drawbacks with respect to increased cost and inconsistent supply. Further, the man-hours required to produce high quality fiber composite racquets are significant. Some prior art racquets have been produced of a thermoplastic material typically through an injection molding process. However such racquets have not been widely used due to poor reliability and durability issues, and undesirable feel and performance characteristics.
Thus, there is a continuing need for a racquet that can be produced in a cost effective and reliable manner while providing exceptional performance, reliability and durability. What is needed is a racquet design that can provide greater design flexibility enabling

This invention relates generally to a method and apparatus for determining the horizontal and vertical resistivities and the relative dip angle of a borehole in an electrically anisotropic earth formation. More specifically, this invention relates to an electromagnetic wave induction technique for measuring resistivity using a tool having an antenna that is disposed within a plane which is inclined with respect to a plane that is normal to the axis of the tool. This invention also relates to a method and apparatus for steering a downhole tool during a drilling operation in order to maintain the borehole within a desired earth formation.
2. Description of the Related Art
In the field of petroleum well drilling and logging, electromagnetic wave resistivity sensors are frequently used to provide an indication of the electrical resistivity of rock formations surrounding an earth borehole. Such information regarding resistivity is useful in ascertaining the presence or absence of hydrocarbons. A typical electromagnetic wave resistivity tool comprises a transmitter antenna and a pair of receiver antennas located at different distances from the transmitter antenna along the axis of the tool. The transmitter antenna is used to transmit electromagnetic waves into the surrounding formation. In turn, the magnetic field in the formation induces an electrical voltage in each receiver antenna. Due to geometric spreading and absorption by the surrounding earth formation, the induced voltages in the two receiving antennas have different phases and amplitudes. Experiments have shown that the phase difference (Φ) and amplitude ratio (attenuation, A) of the induced voltages in the receiver antennas are indicative of the resistivity of the formation. The point in the formation (as defined by a radial distance from the tool axis) to which such a resistivity measurement pertains is a function of the frequency of the transmitter and the distance from the transmitter to the mid-point between the two receivers. Thus, one may achieve multiple radial depths of investigation of resistivity either by providing multiple transmitters at different distances from the receiver pair or by operating a single transmitter at multiple frequencies.
If a formation is electrically isotropic, the resistivities measured at the various depths of investigation by such an electromagnetic wave resistivity tool will be the same. However, if the resistivities corresponding to the various depths of investigation are different, such differences indicate that the formation being measured is electrically anisotropic. In electrically anisotropic formations, the anisotropy is generally attributable to extremely fine layering during the sedimentary build-up of the formation. Hence, in a formation coordinate system oriented such that the x-y plane is parallel to the formation layers and the z axis is perpendicular to the formation layers, resistivities Rx and Ry in directions x and y, respectively, are the same,

2. Description of Related Art
In general, in this kind of wiper apparatus, there is a structure such that a wiper blade provided in a leading end portion of a wiper arm, reciprocates forward and reverse so as to wipe a window surface on the basis of the normal and reverse rotation of a wiper shaft integrally mounted to a base end portion of the wiper arm. In this wiper apparatus, the structure is generally made such that a middle portion of the wiper blade is pivoted to the leading end portion of the wiper arm via a pivot substantially orthogonal to an arm length direction so as to freely oscillate, and the wiper blade wipes the window surface following the reciprocal and reverse oscillation of the wiper arm in correspondence to the normal and reverse rotation of the wiper shaft. In this wiper apparatus, for example, in the case that a long wiper blade wipes the window surface for a large-size wiper apparatus, or in the case that a range of the reciprocal and reverse oscillation is made wide, or the like, there is a case that a terminal end side, corresponding to a portion in the side of the wiper shaft of the wiper blade, tends to be late in a wiping speed in comparison with the leading end side, whereby a following property of the wiper arm is deteriorated.
Then, it is proposed to support the terminal end side of the wiper blade by a supporting member, provided in the wiper arm, so as to increase the following property of the wiper arm, for example, there is a structure described in Japanese National Stage Patent Publication 2001-501893 of WO99/05009. The supporting member in this structure is fixed to the wiper arm, and is structured so as to support the wiper blade at one side in the oscillating direction of the wiper arm. In this case, in recent years, the window surface tends to be formed in a curved shape, and the wiper blade oscillates in a direction of the window surface (a direction of moving close to or apart from the window surface) around the pivot corresponding to a supporting point with respect to the wiper arm. Accordingly, in this wiper apparatus, the structure is made such that a supporting concave portion, constituting the supporting member and formed in a concave groove shape, is provided in one side of the wiper arm, a support receiving body is integrally provided in the side of the wiper blade, and the support receiving body is slidably inward

The MIDI stream 111 is generated from MIDI file 103 by MIDI controller 107. Prior-art MIDI controller 107 does this by first writing all of the tracks 105 from file 103 into controller memory 109, as shown by arrow 108, and then reading all of the tracks simultaneously in the fashion just described, as shown by arrow 110. To accomplish the simultaneous reading, MIDI controller 107 maintains a song position time value 121 which the controller can use together with the elapsed time descriptors to determine which event messages are to be output from the tracks at a given time. As would be expected from this procedure, and as shown in FIG. 1, MIDI stream 111 generally consists of interleaved event messages 117 from the tracks 105. MIDI stream 111 may then be responded to by any MIDI device 113, which then drives loudspeaker 115 to produce the sounds specified by MIDI stream 111. The standards for both MIDI streams and MIDI files are defined in the MIDI Specification, copyright 1983 and available from the MIDI Manufacturers' Association.
An important property of both MIDI tracks and MIDI streams is that they represent commands to MIDI devices, and not the output of those devices, and are consequently much smaller than representations of the output of the devices. This property is particularly valuable where storage space is limited, for instance in low-cost electronic devices, or where a low-bandwidth medium such as the Internet is being used to transmit the representation.
Distributing MIDI Files on the Internet
The advent of the personal computer opened whole new realms of applications for MIDI. First, many computers had sound boards that could interpret MIDI streams and were therefore themselves MIDI devices. Second, MIDI's small size and ability to represent actions that happen in real time made it attractive for any such application. For example, makers of game software used MIDI to provide program-controlled sensory feedback to a joystick. Finally, there was the wild growth of the Internet. The Internet's bandwidth problems made MIDI particularly attractive as a way of distributing music for MIDI devices over the Internet. FIG. 1 shows a prior-art technique for distributing music over the Internet An important limitation of the Internet is that it is not a real-time medium. This problem was overcome in the prior art by distributing music for MIDI devices over the Internet as MIDI files 105 using the techniques shown in FIG. 1. First, a MIDI file 103 was made from the MIDI stream 111, then

A conventional voltage controlled oscillation circuit 100 shown in FIG. 10 comprises a quartz resonator X connected to between two terminals n1 and n2, a capacitor C1 and a varicap (voltage variable capacitance diode) VC1 serially connected to between the terminal n1 and ground GND, a capacitor C2 and a varicap VC2 serially connected to between the terminal n2 and the ground GND, resistance elements R1 and R2 serially connected to between a connection point of the capacitor C1 and the varicap VC1 and a connection point of the capacitor C2 and the varicap VC2, and a control input terminal n3 connected to a connection point of the resistance elements R1 and R2. A voltage level Vc of a control signal is applied to the control input terminals n3. Further provided are resistance elements R3 and R4 serially connected to between the terminals n1 and n2, an inverter In1 whose input side is connected to the terminal n1 and output side is connected to a connection point of the resistance elements R3 and R4, inverters In2 and In3 serially connected to the output side of the inverter In1, and an output terminal n4 connected to an output side of the inverter In3.
When power is supplied to the voltage controlled oscillation circuit 100, the voltage level Vc of the control signal is applied to the control input terminal n3. The voltage level Vc is applied to the varicaps VC1 and VC2 via the resistance elements R1 and R2. Then, capacitance values of the varicaps VC1 and VC2 change in response to the voltage level Vc, and an oscillation frequency due to resonance specific to the quartz resonator X accordingly changes within a predetermined range. Thus, a signal of the oscillation frequency in response to the voltage level Vc of the control signal is outputted from the inverter In1 to be waveform-shaped and amplified via the inverters In2 and In3 and then it is outputted outside from the output terminal n4.
In the voltage controlled oscillation circuit 100, when the voltage level Vc of the control signal applied to the control input terminal n3 is relatively small, the capacitance values of the varicaps VC1 and VC2 are relatively large. As a result, a long time is required to start the oscillation.
In contrast to the foregoing constitution, a method was proposed, wherein a start voltage is given to

1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to signal processing techniques. More particularly, the present invention relates to methods for processing audio signals.
2. Description of the Related Art
Binaural or multi-channel spatialization processing of audio signals typically requires heavy processing costs for increasing the quality of the virtualization experience, especially for accurate 3-D positional audio rendering, for the incorporation of reverberation and reflections, or for rendering spatially extended sources. It is desirable to provide improved binaural and multi-channel spatialization processing algorithms and architectures while minimizing or reducing the associated additional processing costs.
In binaural 3-D positional audio rendering schemes, a fractional delay implementation is necessary in order to allow for continuous variation of the ITD according to the position of a virtual source. The first-order linear interpolation technique causes significant spectral inaccuracies at high frequencies (a low-pass filtering for non-integer delay values). Avoiding this artifact requires a more expensive fractional delay implementation. It is therefore desirable to provide new techniques for simulating continuous ITD variation that do not require interpolation or fractional delay implementation.
Binaural 3D audio simulation is generally based on the synthesis of primary sources that are point source emitters, i.e. which appear to emanate from a single direction in 3D auditory space. In real-world conditions, many sound sources generally approximate the behavior of point sources. However, some sound-emitting objects radiate acoustic energy from a finite surface area or volume whose dimensions render the point-source approximation unacceptable for realistic 3D audio simulation. Such sound-emitting objects may be more suitably represented as line source emitters (such as a vibrating violin string), area source emitters (such as a resonating panel) or volume source emitters (for example a waterfall).
In general, the position, shape and dimensions of a spatially extended source are specified and altered under program control, while an appropriate processing algorithm is applied to a monophonic input signal in order to simulate the spatial extent of the emitter. Two existing approaches to this problem include pseudo-stereo approaches and multi-source dynamic decorrelation approaches.
The goal of pseudo-stereo techniques is to create a pair of decorrelated signals from a monophonic audio input so as to increase the apparent width of the image when played back over two loudspeakers, compared to direct playback of the monophonic input. These techniques can be adapted to simulate spatially extended sources by panning and/or mixing the

Engines have utilized windage trays positioned in crankcases to modify flow dynamics in the crankcase. The use of windage trays is particularly prevalent in high performance engines, due to the propensity of high performance engines to be operated at high speeds for extended periods. However, the necessity of the windage tray varies based on engine operating conditions. During lower engine speeds the turbulence in the crankcase may not cause the oil aeration issues that are so prevalent at the high engine speeds. However, as the engine speed increases, the momentum of the crankcase flowfield and oil leakage via component bearings, perturb and impinge with high velocity on the free surface of the oil within the oil reservoir. Aeration is an inherent consequence of the oil interacting with the highly turbulent flowfield within the crankcase. A more quiescent oil free surface is one of the design goals of previous windage trays. However, during lower engine speeds oil aeration considerably decreases and may not pose a significant problem. Therefore, during lower engine speeds flow interruption created by the windage tray may not be needed. Furthermore, during low engine speeds the windage tray may interfere with oil draining. For instance, oil may impinge on surfaces of windage trays, thereby interfering with oil draining operation. Specifically, the amount and/or speed of oil returning to the oil pan may be reduced due to windage tray interference. Furthermore, some windage trays may also create losses in crankcase ventilation systems.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,019,071 discloses a windage tray with an oil flow path provided in the windage tray with integrated oil squirters directing oil towards the undersides of the engine pistons. However, the windage tray discloses in U.S. Pat. No. 6,019,071 suffers from the abovementioned problems of slow oil draining and crankcase ventilation losses.
Recognizing the problems described above and in an attempt to address at least some of the problems the inventors developed a method for operating an engine system. The method includes operating an engine to perform combustion, determining an engine speed and adjusting a flow profile of a plurality of deflectors in a windage tray positioned in a crankcase based on the engine speed. In this way, the flow profile of the windage tray may be dynamically adjusted to alter flow characteristics in the crankcase over a wide range of engine speeds. Consequently, the functionality of the windage tray can be varied to suit engine operating conditions, enabling the windage tray to reduce oil

As known in the art, a step-and repeat tool (not shown) is used in conjunction with a step-and repeat movement and exposure procedure for forming successive images on the photoresist layer 101. For this procedure, the workpiece 120 is subdivided into chip ("die") regions. Each such chip region typically is defined and encompassed by one resulting step-and-repeat position of the workpiece 120 (overlain by the photoresist layer 101). Each corresponding (i.e., overlying) chip region of the photoresist layer 101 is exposed in succession to the optical beam in the system 100. This exposure can be of the kind that exposes an entire chip region all at once to the incident optical beam (which has a sufficient cross section to encompass an entire chip region) or that scans the chip region with the incident optical beam (which does not have a sufficient cross section to encompass an entire chip region).
In order to align the mask 103 to the step-and-repeat tool (hereinafter, "stepper tool") for the step-and-repeat procedure, mask-to-stepper tool alignment marks (hereinafter "reticle alignment marks") are located on the mask 103 outside the primary feature region. Advantageously these reticle alignment marks (not shown in FIG. 1) comprise opaque areas. It is essential that these reticle alignment marks have edges that are self-aligned with respect to the edges of the primary feature region's attenuating areas. That is to say, it is essential that these reticle alignment marks and the attenuating areas of the primary feature region are formed during the same lithographic processing steps in which a single patterned resist layer defines both the edges of the reticle alignment marks and the edges of the attenuating areas of the primary feature region.
As further known in the art, in order to limit the optical radiation incident on the photoresist layer 101 to one chip region at a time, the stepper tool contains an opaquing shutter (hereinafter, "shutter blade"). In order to compensate for unavoidable positioning errors associated with locating this shutter blade, an opaque ring (not shown) is located on the mask itself. This opaque ring encircles the primary feature region. Advantageously, this opaque ring has an inside edge that is self-aligned with respect to, and borders the primary feature region.
In order to minimize the distance between chip regions (as defined by the step-and-repeat procedure), and hence to avoid wasting precious primary feature area on the workpiece 120, the inside

Protecting cells, and specially neurons, from damage caused by various factors, including stroke, neurodegenerative disease, traumatic injury, etc., is important for long-term recovery of cell or neuronal function. Therapeutic treatment of injured cells or neurons by single agents has advantages, but is often not sufficient to mobilize the complexity of molecules needed to help in restoring complete function.
Physiological response to protect neurons or other cells from hypoxic or ischemic events, or from oxidation, is often considered to be mediated by expression of genes that are up-regulated through the Hypoxia Inducible Factor (HIF) signaling pathway, a key regulatory pathway that is responsive to cellular insults. In the brain, up-regulation of neuroprotective molecules is believed to be a critical factor in protecting cells from irreparable damage. However, few available drugs are sufficiently able to prevent, restore or reduce damage to neurons and other tissues. Additionally they are often toxic, have short half-lives, or both. For example, the international patent application WO2006/20727 proposes the use of deferoxamine as neuroprotector agent against the harmful effects of reperfusion; however, the administration of deferoxamine poses problems due to its reduced half-life in plasma.
Transferrins are iron-binding blood plasma glycoproteins that control the level of free iron in biological fluids. Transferrins function as the main transporter of iron in the circulation where it exists in an iron-free apo-transferrin (ApoTf) form, as monoferric transferrin, or as diferric holo-transferrin (HoloTf). Typically, iron is bound to 30% of all transferrin binding sites in circulation. The neuroprotection function of ApoTf but not HoloTf has been disclosed by Chen-Roetling et al. (Chen-Roetling J., Chen L., and Regan R. F. Neuropharmacology, 2011; 60(2-3): 423-431), suggesting that ApoTf may mitigate the neurotoxicity of hemoglobin after intracerebral hemorrhage.
The present inventors have found that it may be possible to boost the neuroprotective properties of transferrin administration in patients by combining it with other iron chelating agents or with another iron-binding plasma protein, such as Apolactoferrin, which has been shown to increase HIF1-α, protein levels in some tissues and have effects on plasma EPO levels (Zak

Typical directional drilling schemes include various mechanisms and apparatuses in the BHA to selectively divert the drillstring from its original trajectory. One such scheme includes the use of a mud motor in combination with a bent housing device to the bottom hole assembly. In standard rotary drilling practice, the drillstring is rotated from the surface to apply torque to the drill bit below. On the other hand, using a mud motor attached to the bottom hole assembly, torque may be applied to the drill bit therefrom, thereby eliminating the need to rotate the drillstring from the surface. While many varieties of mud motors exist, most may either be classified as turbine mud motors (i.e., turbodrills) or positive displacement mud motors. Regardless of design specifics, most mud motors function by converting the flow of high-pressure drilling mud into mechanical energy.
Drilling mud, as used in oilfield applications, is typically pumped to a drill bit downhole through a bore of the drillstring at high pressure. Once at the bit, the drilling mud is communicated to the well bore through a plurality of nozzles where the flow of the drilling mud cools, lubricates, and cleans drill cuttings away from cutting surfaces of the drill bit. Once expelled, the drilling mud is allowed to return to the surface through an annulus formed between the wellbore (i.e., the inner diameter of either the formation or a casing string) and the outer profile of the drillstring. The drilling mud returns to the surface carrying drill cuttings with it.
When a mud motor is used, it is not necessary to rotate the drillstring to rotate the drill bit with respect to the borehole. Instead, the drillstring located above the mud motor is allowed to “slide” into the wellbore as the bit penetrates the formation. As mentioned above, a bent housing may be used in conjunction with a mud motor to directionally drill a well bore. A bent housing may be similar to an ordinary section of the BHA, with the exception that a low angle bend is incorporated therein. Further, the bent housing may be a separate component attached above the mud motor (i.e. a bent sub), or may be a portion of the motor housing itself.
Through various measurement and telemetry devices in the BHA, a drilling operator at the surface is able to determine which direction the bend in the bent housing is oriented. The drilling operator may then rotate the drillstring until the bend is in the direction of a desired deviated trajectory and the drill

Common standards for automatically switched OTN (G.709) networks include Automatically Switched Optical Networks (ASON) G.7715 and Generalized Multiprotocol Label Switching (GMPLS). These rely on link state routing protocols (e.g., Open Shortest Path First (OSPF)) and protocols such as Resource Reservation Protocol-Traffic Engineering (RSVP-TE) for circuit setup. Each node maintains the link state of the network and routes are computed at the source node based on least cost or some other criteria. Strict adherence to standards is required for interoperability between vendors. All of these run either over a dedicated in-band communication channel (e.g., General Communication Channel (GCC) in OTN) or out of band through a data communication network (DCN). Each node must maintain protocol stacks for the routing and signaling. A recent development in switching is SDN and an exemplary protocol is OpenFlow (www.openflow.org). OpenFlow targets packet technology such as Internet Protocol (IP) and Ethernet. OpenFlow separates a control plane and data plane and relies on a centralized controller to compute routes and program switches. OpenFlow and SDN provide some advantages over legacy switching such as rapid service introduction through customization, flexibility in how the network is used and operated, less reliance on lengthy standardization process for new innovations, open interfaces, etc.
OpenFlow programs match/action rules into switches. A match/action rule looks for a specific bit field in the packet/frame overhead and specifies an action upon match (forward, drop, and/or modify). Unknown packets are (by default) forwarded to the controller. Routing and rule provisioning is done by the controller. For example, OpenFlow with an SDN controller could replace traditional IEEE 802.1d Media Access Control (MAC) learning and forwarding. If a frame with an unknown destination address (DA) is received by a switch it is forwarded to the controller. The controller might determine a least cost path to the DA and then populate match/action forwarding rules into a forwarding database (FDB) on all of the network elements in the path. The network element needs no intelligence beyond matching the DA of the frame and forwarding to the port specified in the forwarding table. The above works well for packets but there is no obvious way to extend this to OTN. OTN (like SONET/SDH) requires a bit synchronous stream multiplexed on fixed time slots in a time division multiplexing

The invention relates to an electronic component and a semiconductor device, a method of making the same and method of mounting the same, a circuit board, and an electronic instrument, and in particular relates to a compact electronic component and a semiconductor device having a package size close to the chip size, a method of making the same and method of mounting the same, a circuit board, and an electronic instrument.
To pursue high-density mounting in semiconductor devices, bare chip mounting is the ideal. However, for bare chips, quality control and handling are difficult. In answer to this, CSP (chip scale package), or packages whose size is close to that of the chip, have been developed.
Of the forms of CSP semiconductor device developed, one form has a flexible substrate provided, patterned on the active surface of the semiconductor chip, and on this flexible substrate are formed a plurality of external electrodes. It is also known to inject a resin between the active surface of the semiconductor chip and the flexible substrate, in order to absorb the thermal stress. In Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 7-297236, as the flexible substrate is described the use of a thin film carrier tape.
In these methods of fabricating a semiconductor device, a semiconductor chip is cut from a wafer, and individual semiconductor chips are mounted on a flexible substrate. As a result, not only is the patterned flexible substrate necessary, but also a process is required to mount each individual semiconductor chip on the flexible substrate, and therefore the devices used in each of the steps of the process must be special-purpose equipments, and the cost is increased.
Besides, a semiconductor device to which a CSP type package is applied is surface-mounted, and has a plurality of bumps for mounting on a circuit board. The surface on which these bumps are formed is preferably protected by the provision, for example, of a photosensitive resin.
However, since a photosensitive resin is electrically insulating, and mounting while it remains on the bumps is not possible, it is necessary to remove the photosensitive resin from the top of the bumps. Here, in order to remove a part of the photosensitive resin, lithography must be applied, and this results in the problem of an increased number of steps.
In this way, a conventional semiconductor device suffers from inferior efficiency in the process from fabrication to mounting.
The invention has as its object the solution of the above described problems, and this object subsists in the provision of an electronic component and a semiconductor device, a method of making the same and

Top Integrity. The Top Integrity is a rating of the condition of plant tops late during the harvest season, based on the following scores: 9=All top material intact, 100% to 91% leaves retained; 8=90-99% of top material intact, 90-75% leaves retained; 7=90-99% of top material intact, 74-0% leaves retained; 6=89-75% of top material intact; 5=74-50% of top material intact; 4=49-25% of top material intact; 3=24-10% of top material intact; 2=9-1% of top material intact; or 1=0% top material intact.
Plant Height. This is a measure of the height of the hybrid or inbred from the ground to the node of the flag leaf, and is measured in inches or centimeters.
Ear Height. The ear height is a measure from the ground to the collar of the primary ear node, and is measured in inches or centimeters.
Dropped Ears. This is a measure of the number of plants per plot with ears detached from the primary ear node. Does not include ears on the ground that are attached to a section of stalk.
Emergence Vigor. The Emergence Vigor is an early visual rating of the hybrids emergence vigor. This is a 1-9 rating where 9 is the best vigor.
Early Vigor. The Early Vigor is a rating of the hybrids vigor when the stalks are between the researcher""s calf and knee in height. This is a 1-9 rating where 9 is the best vigor.
Count. Count refers to the total number of observations used in a reported comparison.
Environment. Environment (env) refers to the number of locations where two hybrids are grown together and in the same experiment.
Years. Years refers to the number of calendar years included in a comparison.
b. xe2x80x9cbxe2x80x9d is a regression value of hybrid yield and location (or environment) yield. The statistic is used as a measure of predicting hybrid responsiveness to higher yielding environments and is sometimes considered as a measure of stability.
Percent Oil. The Percent Oil is the measure of oil in the grain of self-pollinated hybrid plants as measured by NIR (Near Infrared Reflectance) or NIT (Near Infrared Transmittance).
Percent Protein.

The above and other objects have been attained according to the present invention in that a packaging container for liquid contents, comprising a casing and a top portion, has been given the characterizing feature that the casing includes a web-shaped multilayer material which is in the form of a sleeve provided with a liquid-tight longitudinal joint seam, the sleeve being, at its one end, connected to a bottom portion in liquid-tight fashion and, at its other end, is connected in liquid-tight fashion to the top portion produced from blow moulded thermoplastic material.
Preferred embodiments of the packaging container according to the present invention have further been given the characterizing features as set forth in appended subclaims 2 to 5.
By designing the packaging container according to the invention in several parts in which each part has been given an optimum material composition, the packaging container will, as regards strength and tightness, be of optimum construction, at the same time as it is eminently suited for high capacity production.
There is also a general need in the art to realise a method of producing a packaging container, the method making it possible, in a rational manner and at high capacity, to produce packaging containers for still drinks.
Hence, the present invention further has for its object to realise a method of producing a packaging container, the method making it possible to produce a multi-part packaging container by separate, optimum production of the various parts and subsequent combining of the parts into a finished, liquid-tight packaging container.
Yet a further object of the present invention is to realise a method of producing a packaging container, the method making it possible rapidly and efficiently and with minimum material consumption, to produce complete packaging containers.
Still a further object of the present invention is to realise a method of producing a packaging container, the method being rapid and economical in terms of resources, and as a result, not suffering from the drawbacks inherent in prior art production methods, such as, for example, slow output rate, insufficient forming precision and high costs.
Yet a further object of the present invention is to realise a method of producing a packaging container which makes it possible to provide the packaging container in its entirety with a layer of gas barrier material.
The above and other objects have been attained according to the present invention in that a method of producing a packaging container for liquid contents, comprising a casing and a top portion, has been given the characterizing feature that the casing is formed by winding of web-shaped multilayer material to sleeve shape, whereafter the material edges are sealed to

However, a major obstacle to the development of ultra-wide-band dense wavelength division multiplexing systems are non-linear effects, and in particular the Raman effect, which cannot be managed with dispersion. A direct way to manage such non-linear effects is to use a fiber with a large effective core area, and therefore recently much work has been done on developing such fibers.
In 1996 Corning Inc. developed a large-effective-area dispersion-shifted fiber (LEAF) which had an effective core area of about 80 xcexcm2, and there are other designs for large-effective-area fibers, one of which shows an effective area of about 100 xcexcm2. A single material photonic crystal fiber, a so-called holey fiber, is characterized by a distribution of air holes in the cladding running through the entire length of the cladding and has attracted considerable attention in recent years because it is capable of single-mode operation over a wide range of wavelengths. However, it is difficult to keep the birefringence, and hence the polarization mode dispersion in the fiber, low because of the large index contrast introduced by the air holes.
According to the present invention there is provided an optical fiber comprising a central core region surrounded by an annular cladding region, wherein said cladding region is formed with a refractive index that varies periodically in the azimuthal direction.
In a preferred embodiment of the invention the cladding region comprises a plurality of alternating segments. In a first and particularly simple embodiment of the invention, the segments may include a first set of segments having a first refractive index alternating with a second set of segments having a second refractive index. The first refractive index may be higher than said second refractive index, and the first refractive index is equal to or less than the refractive index of said core region.
Alternatively, however, as opposed to providing all the segments as step-index segments with a specific refractive index, in other embodiments of the invention at least some of the segments may be formed with a graded index, such that they have a refractive index that varies radially and/or azimuthally. In one preferred embodiment, for example, the refractive index of all the segments is graded azimuthally whereby said cladding region varies smoothly in the azimuthal direction.
In other possible embodiments the duty cycle of the azimuthal periodic variation may be either constant in the radial direction or may vary in the radial direction by selecting the shape of the segments.
According to another broad aspect of the invention there is further provided an

Fabry disease is a glycosphingolipid (GSL) lysosomal storage disorder resulting from an X-linked inherited deficiency of lysosomal α-galactosidase A (α-GAL), an enzyme responsible for the hydrolysis of terminal α-galactosyl residues from glycosphingolipids (Brady et al. N Engl J Med. 1967; 276: 1163-7). A deficiency in the enzyme activity results in a progressive deposition of neutral glycosphingolipids, predominantly globotriaosylceramide (ceramide trihexoside, CTH, GL-3), in cell of Fabry patients. Symptoms can be severe and debilitating, including kidney failure and increased risk of heart attack and stroke. Certain of the mutations cause changes in the amino acid sequence of α-GAL that may result in the production of α-GAL with reduced stability that does not fold into its correct three-dimensional shape. Although α-GAL produced in patient cells often retains the potential for some level of biological activity, the cell's quality control mechanisms recognize and retain misfolded α-GAL in the endoplasmic reticulum, or ER, until it is ultimately moved to another part of the cell for degradation and elimination. Consequently, little or no α-GAL moves to the lysosome, where it normally hydrolyzes GL-3. This leads to accumulation of GL-3 in cells, which is believed to be the cause of the symptoms of Fabry disease. In addition, accumulation of the misfolded α-GAL enzyme in the ER may lead to stress on cells and inflammatory-like responses, which may contribute to cellular dysfunction and disease.
Fabry disease is classified by clinical manifestations into three groups: a classic form with generalized vasculopathy, an atypical variant form with clinical manifestations limited to cardiac tissue, and later-onset disease, which includes female carriers with mild to severe forms of the disease.
The frequency of the classical form of disease is estimated to be about 1:40,000 to 1:60,000 in males, and is reported throughout the world within different ethnic groups. Classically affected males have little or no detectable α-GAL levels and are the most severely affected. The clinical manifestations include angiokeratoma (small, raised reddish-purple blemishes on the skin), acroparesthesias (burning in hands and feet), hypohidrosis (decreased ability to sweat), and characteristic corneal and lenticular opacities (The Metabolic and Molecular Bases of Inherited Disease

The function of a voltage transformer is to produce a low secondary voltage output, typically 120 volts, which is representative of the high primary voltage of the electric power distribution line or transmission line. The low secondary voltage output is proportional to the turns ratio of the transformer and would be in phase with or in phase opposition to the primary voltage depending upon its connection to the primary phase wires. However, the secondary voltage could only be in phase with the primary voltage for an ideal transformer which has no leakage impedance, no excitation current, and no losses. But, actual voltage transformers require excitation current to magnetize the iron core which is supplied by the primary lines through the leakage impedance of the primary. Also, the load current in the transformer windings causes a voltage drop in the leakage impedance of the primary and secondary windings. The load current and excitation current cause a voltage drop which results in a turns ratio error and a phase angle shift other than a 180 degree phase shift between the primary voltage and the secondary voltage output. Therefore, a turns ratio correction factor and a phase angle correction factor must be applied to obtain the true ratio and the true phase angle between the measured voltage and the measured current on the primary, or the power factor.
Other methods of measuring the voltage have included (1) high voltage divider circuits, (2) voltage based on measurement of the electric field outside the conductor at some point, and (3) voltage based on measurement of the electric field using optics. The high voltage divider method normally involves a high value resistor or resistors being attached to one line or phase conductor at one end and the other end of this high value resistor or resistors being connected in series with a low value measuring resistor with its other end being attached to earth ground at zero voltage. The voltage measurement is then a measurement of the low value current flow from the high voltage line conductor to ground through these series connected resistors and the resultant voltage drop across the measurement resistor. This voltage drop can easily be measured with instruments at ground potential. The problems with this method are the resistors are dissipative and can result in overheating and it cannot be used to measure phase to phase voltages because of the high voltage that appears on the measurement resistor prevents the use of measuring instruments normally located at ground potential. The series connected resistors can be replaced with series connected capacitors which are non-dissipative, but then a phase shift occurs in the measured voltage.
Voltage is defined as the integral of the electric field between two points, the one point being

Because large storage capacity is typically desired to maximize the amount of available storage in portable devices, it is typically desirable to utilize dynamic random access memory (DRAM), which has a relatively large storage capacity, over other types of memories such as static random access memories (SRAM) and non-volatile memories such as FLASH memory. In a DRAM, the data is xe2x80x9cdynamicxe2x80x9d because the data stored in memory cells in the DRAM must be periodically recharged or xe2x80x9crefreshedxe2x80x9d to maintain the data, as will now be explained in more detail with reference to FIG. 1. FIG. 1 illustrates a portion of a conventional DRAM memory-cell array 100 including a plurality of memory cells 102 arranged in rows and columns, one of which is shown in FIG. 1. The memory cell 102 includes an access transistor 104 and a storage capacitor 106 connected in series between a digit line DL and a reference voltage VCC/2. The storage capacitor 106 includes a first conductive plate 107 coupled to the access transistor 104 and a second conductive plate 109 coupled to the reference voltage VCC/2.
A word line WL activates the access transistor 104 in the memory cell 102, and also activates the access transistors of all other memory cells (not shown) contained in the same row of the array 100 as the memory cell 102. To write data into the memory cell 102, a sense amplifier 108 drives the digit line DL and a complementary digit line DL*to complementary voltage levels corresponding to the data to be stored in the memory cell. The word line WL is then activated, turning ON the access transistor 104 and transferring charge through the access transistor to charge the storage capacitor 106 to the voltage level on the digit line DL corresponding to the data to be stored. The word line WL is thereafter deactivated, turning OFF the access transistor 104 and isolating the storage capacitor 106 from the digit line DL to thereby store the data in the form of a voltage across the storage capacitor.
To read data from the memory cell 102, the sense amplifier 108 equilibrates the digit lines DL, DL* to a predetermined voltage level and thereafter activates the word line WL to turn ON the access transistor 104. In response to the access transistor 104 turning ON, charge is transferred between the storage capacitor 106 and the digit line DL, causing the voltage on the digit line DL to be slightly higher or lower than the voltage on the digit line DL*. The sense amplifier 108

1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates generally to data processors and more particularly to the timing of the instruction fetch and instruction execute phases of a microprocessor.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Data processors which execute a plurality of instructions stored in a memory are well known in the art. A typical prior art microprocessor includes a uni-directional address bus and a bidirectional data bus which are coupled to memories which store instructions and data operands. The microprocessor forces an address onto the address bus which corresponds to the location in memory of either an instruction word or a data word. The address is received by the memory and the addressed location is accessed. The accessed instruction or data word is then driven onto the data bus by the memory and transferred to the microprocessor during an instruction fetch or a data read cycle. Alternately, for a data write cycle, the microprocessor drives the data to be written onto the data bus and the data is transferred to the memory for storage. A typical instruction includes a first group of data bits often referred to as an opcode which specifies a particular operation to be performed on a data word. A second group of bits commonly referred to as an address field specifies the address of the particular data word or operand to be operated upon.
Data processors typically operate in a synchronous mode wherein each transfer of digital information is timed by various clock signals. The time required for the microprocessor to address an instruction in memory and receive the addressed instruction from memory is typically referred to as one machine cycle. Thus, a typical instruction requires two machine cycles, a first machine cycle to access or fetch the instruction from memory, and a second machine cycle to access the operand specified by the instruction. Since both machine cycles require the use of the data bus (the first to transmit the instruction and the second to transmit the operand), the next instruction may not be fetched until the subsequent or third machine cycle. Microprocessors have been disclosed which seek to overcome the limitations set forth above by overlapping fetch and execute cycles. However, these prior art microprocessors include several disadvantages, among which are the necessity for separate address and data busses for coupling the instruction memory to the microprocessor, and the necessity for two or more data busses for coupling an arithmetic-logic unit (ALU) to a memory used to store data operands. Therefore, it will be appreciated that a microprocessor which permits the overlap of fetch and execute cycles and which reduces the number of required digital busses is more efficient

In order to provide strength to the flashlight, and protect the batteries, the casing is normally made from a hard, rigid plastic or metal material. Battery contacts and wiring are disposed within the interior of the hard plastic casing.
One end of the casing is typically closed, and the other end of the casing is open. The open end of the casing often includes a threaded end surface for threadedly receiving a light assembly, that when joined to the casing forms a part of the overall flashlight housing. The light assembly includes an axially facing, radially extending lens cover, that covers over a highly reflective parabolic or conical dish. The dish includes a light bulb placed at the base of the dish.
A switch member is usually mounted on the outwardly facing, cylindrical side surface of the flashlight. Typically, either a push button-type switch or a slide switch is employed to enable the user to turn the light on and off. Examples of such flashlights are shown in Shiu. U.S. Pat. No. D524,972; Lynch, U.S. Pat. No. D425,231; and Leopoldi, U.S. Pat. No. 4,399,495.
Flashlights of this type have been produced in many sizes and shapes and have been used for many years, and are still in widespread use. Although such flashlights are often large and cumbersome, they have significant utility because the size of the interior of the rigid casing can be made large enough to hold a plurality (e.g. 2-5) of large batteries, such as C or D cells, to provide the flashlight with sufficient candle power (or lumen) to cast a bright light on the surrounding areas, and sufficient power reserves to produce light for relatively long periods of time. Because of this large battery capacity, flashlights of this type are often used in work and safety-related applications and are often carried by police officers and other security and safety personnel. Additionally, the Applicant has been an inventor in the field of flashlights and other lighted devices. See, Killion, U.S. Pat. No. 6,773,991; Killion et al., U.S. Pat. No. D636,509; Killion et al., U.S. Pat. No. D636,510; and Killion, Published Patent Application No. 2010/0110670 A1.
Although the rigid casing of the flashlights described above are usually cylindrical, advances in

Arterial blood pressure measurements provide valuable information about a patient's condition. The heart's cyclical action produces a blood pressure maximum at systole, called systolic pressure, and a minimum pressure at diastole, called diastolic pressure. While the systolic and diastolic pressures are themselves important in gauging the patient's condition, other useful parameters are the mean (average) blood pressure during a heart cycle, and the pulse pressure, which is the arithmetic difference between the systolic and diastolic pressures.
The importance of arterial blood pressure has spurred the development of numerous methods of determining it. The most widely used method is probably the familiar blood pressure cuff, which consists of an expandable ring (1) inflated to stop arterial blood flow and (2) then gradually contracted. Using a stethoscope, medical personnel listen to the artery to determine at what pressure blood flow begins, establishing the systolic pressure, and at what pressure flow is unrestricted, establishing the diastolic pressure. More advanced blood pressure monitoring systems plot the arterial blood pressure through a complete heart cycle. Typically, these systems use catheters having piezoelectric pressure transducers that produce output signals dependent upon the instantaneous blood pressure. The output signals are monitored and used to determine the arterial blood pressures over a complete heart cycle. These systems are advantageous in that the blood pressure is continuously measured and displayed.
While prior art methods are useful, they have disadvantages. Cuff-type systems require restricting arterial blood flow and are not suitable for continuous use. The piezoelectric-type systems generally require undesirable invasive techniques, costly disposable materials, and time and skill to set-up. However, during certain critical periods, such as surgery, continuous arterial blood pressure monitoring is highly desirable. Therefore, it would be beneficial to have a method of continuously and non-invasively measuring a patient's blood pressure.
Photoplethysmographs are well-known instruments which use light for determining and registering variations in a patient's blood volume. They can instantaneously track arterial blood volume changes during the cardiac cycle. Since photoplethysmographs operate non-invasively, much work has gone into using them to determine blood pressure. In 1983, inventor Warner was issued U.S. Pat. No. 4,418,700 on a method of determining circulatory parameters, wherein signals from a photoplethysmograph were used to determine arterial blood pressure.
Significant problems were found when investigating the Warner method. Therefore, it is clear that the need for a practical method of continuously and non-invasively monitoring

In modern medicine there are numerous treatment situations in which it is desirable to create shunts or flow-through connections between blood vessels and/or other anatomical structures of the body. Such treatments include, for example, hemodialysis, hemofiltration, hemodiafiltration, plasmapheresis, and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO). In many cases, open surgical techniques have been used to form anatomic connections or fistulas between adjacent vessels of body structures. More recently, percutaneous catheter-based techniques and devices have been developed for creating channels or passageways between adjacent vessels or anatomical structures.
In addition to the above-listed treatments, arteriovenous (AV) shunt devices have been proposed for treating chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and drug-resistant hypertension. COPD, also called chronic obstructive airway disease, is a syndrome that may be caused by a number of different diseases, all of which damage the alveoli and bronchioles, leading to impaired lung function. These diseases include asthmatic bronchitis, chronic bronchitis (with normal airflow), chronic obstructive bronchitis, and emphysema. As the alveoli and bronchial tubes are destroyed, the remaining healthy lung tissue must work harder to provide the required amount of blood oxygenation. The need for more air leads to lung over-inflation. As the lung over-expands, it gradually enlarges, completely filling the chest cavity and causing a sense of shortness of breath. The lung eventually loses its elasticity and the combination of a larger, less elastic lung and damaged, nonfunctioning tissue leads to slower airflow into and out of the lung, resulting in the feeling in the patient of an obstructed airway.
One manner of treating COPD is oxygen therapy, which requires a patient to remain near a stationary oxygen source or carry a bulky portable oxygen source when away from home or a treatment facility. Understandably such oxygen therapy has many disadvantages. One surgical treatment that has been proposed for treating patients with COPD is lung reduction surgery. Such surgery, however, can be used on only a small percentage of the total patient population, requires long recovery times, and does not always provide a clear patient benefit.
Arteriovenous (AV) shunt devices for treating COPD provide a fistula between an artery and a vein that are anatomically parallel to each other. The approach is to create an arteriovenous fistula by implanting a shunt-like device between two major blood vessels in the leg, utilizing cardiovascular

