Roosevelt High School  is a four-year public high school located in Roosevelt as part of the Roosevelt School District, serving students in grades 9 through 12. It is located in the hamlet of Roosevelt in the Town of Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, U.S. After years of failing test scores, Roosevelt High School is the first high school in New York to be taken over by the state.

As of the 2014-15 school year, the school had an enrollment of 964 students and 56.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 17.0:1. There were 247 students (25.6% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 46 (4.8% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.

Academics
Roosevelt High School has a grading and promotion policy. In order for a student to be admitted to the ninth grade, a student must pass 3 of the 4 major subject areas each year: 
 English
 Mathematics
 Science
 Social Studies
The student can fail no more than the equivalent of 1 credit in 
minor subjects each year (i.e. Technology 1/2 credit, Home Career 1/2 credit, etc.)

To be promoted from grade 9 to 10, a student must earn 4 units of credit.

These units must include: 1 in English and 1 in Social Studies. To be promoted from grade 10 to grade 11, a student must have earned 9 units of credit. These units must include: 2 units in English, 2 units in Social Studies, 1 unit in Mathematics, 1 unit in Science.
A student must receive a minimum grade of 70 in order to advance.

Demographics
The student body in the 2007-2008 school year consisted of:
 2   American Indian or Alaska Native students or 0% of the student body
 615 Black or African American students or 77% of the student body
 181 Hispanic or Latino students or 23% of the student body
 1   Asian or Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander students or 0% of the student body
 0   White students or 0% of the student body
 0   Multiracial students or 0% of the student body

Notable alumni 
Notable Roosevelt Junior-Senior High School alumni include:
 Chuck D, political activist and member of the hip hop group Public Enemy.
 Eddie Murphy, comedian and actor.
 Julius Erving, otherwise known as

Salisbury (1818 ship)

Salisbury was launched c.1814 in the  almost certainly under another name and was possibly a prize. She was possibly captured by the British or sold to British owners in 1815. She made one voyage seal hunting in 1820 and transported settlers to South Africa in 1821. She was lost in 1827.

Origins and career
Salisbury origins and career are difficult to untangle because there were at various times several vessels by that name, all ranging between 117 and 125 tons burthen, and having similar trades. In 1821 Lloyd's Register (LR) carried two vessels named Salisbury, and the Register of Shipping carried four. It appears that LR missed one vessel completely and may have conflated two different vessels.

Salisbury first appeared in LR in 1815 with S. Creedy, master, London owners, and trade London–Sierra Leone. Her origins were given as a foreign prize. She first appeared in the Register of Shipping (RS) with J. Creedy, master, Craig, owner, and trade London–Africa. Her origins were given as Portugal, built in 1812.<ref name=RS1816>[https://hdl.handle.net/2027/mdp.39015024214267?urlappend=%3Bseq=650 '"RS (1816), Seq.№1119.]</ref> However, in 1818 RS had two listings for Salisbury while LR had one that seemingly combined the two listings in RS.

Seal hunting voyage (1820–1821): On 8 September 1820 Messrs Cannan, Smith and Millars appointed Captain Thomas Hodges, late master of , to command of Salisbury to engage in seal hunting. He sailed from England on 15 September, bound for the South Shetland Islands. He arrived at New South Shetland in January 1821 and left on 16 February. Salisbury called at Buenos Aires and arrived in the Downs on 13 May and in the Thames by 22 May. She returned with 9000, or 9,821, or 8,926 seal skins.

FateSalisbury, of Liverpool, was lost off Cape Mount, Africa, on 1 June 1827. Her crew survived. Lloyd's List gave the name of her master as Bryan.

Citations and references
Citations

References
 Jones, A.G

Strategic reconnaissance support
The second predecessor of the squadron was activated  in July 1948 as the 12th Photographic Technical Squadron at Topeka Air Force Base, Kansas, where it was assigned to the 311th Air Division, which was the primary reconnaissance headquarters for Strategic Air Command (SAC).  In 1949, SAC reorganized its reconnaissance assets, assigning the squadron to the 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing and moving it to Fairfield-Suisun Air Force Base, California as the 9th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron.

On 1 April 1950, however, the 9th Wing mission changed from long-range reconnaissance to strategic bombardment.  Ten days later, the 9th Squadron moved to Rapid City Air Force Base, South Dakota, where it was assigned to the 28th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing.  It was inactivated at the end of the month, with its assets forming the cadre for the 28th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron.

The squadron was again organized in late June 1966, at Beale Air Force Base, California, where it absorbed the mission, personnel and equipment of the 4203d Reconnaissance Technical Squadron, which was discontinued the same day.  The squadron processed reconnaissance products produced by the 9th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing's Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird and, later, Lockheed U-2 Dragon Ladys until inactivating in July 1991.

Intelligence
The 9th Intelligence Support Squadron was activated at Beale in September 1991, the same day its predecessor was inactivated, assuming much of its mission, equipment and personnel.  The squadron dropped "support" from its name in 2003, and in July 2009, the two squadrons were consolidated.

Lineage 
 9th Photographic Technical Unit
 Constituted as the 9th Photographic Laboratory Section on 25 August 1944
 Activated on 5 September 1944
 Redesignated 9th Photographic Technical Unit on 13 October 1944
 Inactivated on 4 October 1945
 Consolidated with the 9th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron as the 9th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron on 16 October 1984

 9th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron
 Constituted as the 12th Photographic Technical Squadron on 29 June 1948
 Activated on 19 July 1948
 Redesignated 9th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron on 4 March 1949
 Inactivated on 1 May 1950
 Activated on 18 May 1966 (not organized)
 Organized on 25 June 1966
 Consolidated with

By paying a fee of 4 to 6 pence, a bookseller could register his right to publish a given work.  One example: the Stationers' Register reveals that on 26 November 1607, the stationers John Busby and Nathaniel Butter claimed the right to print "A booke called Master William Shakespeare his historye of Kinge Lear, as yt was played before the Kinges maiestie at Whitehall vppon Sainct Stephens night at Christmas Last, by his maiesties servantes playinge vsually at the Globe on the Banksyde." (They paid sixpence.)

Enforcement of regulations in this historical era was never as thorough as in the modern world; books were sometimes published without registration, and other irregularities also occurred. In some cases, the companies of actors appear to have registered plays through co-operative stationers, with the express purpose of forestalling the publication of a play when publication was not in their interest.   

In 1710, the Copyright Act or Statute of Anne entered into force, superseding company provisions pertaining to the Register.  The company continued to offer some form of registration of works until February 2000.

References

Sources
 Arber, Edward, ed. A Transcript of the Registers of the Company of Stationers of London 1554–1640 A.D. 5 Volumes, London, privately printed, 1875–94.
 Chambers, E. K. The Elizabethan Stage. 4 Volumes, Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1923.
 Eyre, G. E. B., and G. R. Rivington, eds. A Transcript of the Registers of the Worshipful Company of Stationers from 1640–1708. 3 Volumes, London, privately printed, 1913–14.
 Greg, W. W., and E. Boswell, eds. Records of the Court of the Stationer's Company, 1576 to 1602. London, The Bibliographical Society, 1930.
 Halliday, F. E. A Shakespeare Companion 1564–1964. Baltimore, Penguin, 1964.
 Jackson, William A., ed. Records of the Court of the Stationers' Company 1602 to 1640. London, The Bibliographical Society, 1957.

External links
 The Stationers' Company Register (1556–1695) Official site of the Stationers' Company in its current incarnation
  2011–2013 project

Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries became available for streaming and VOD on Netflix in the U.S. in September 2014. It became available in the United Kingdom in June 2015, in Canada in March 2016, and in Australia/New Zealand in April 2017. The series became available on Amazon Video on 16 May 2016.

Film adaptation

A stand-alone action-adventure feature film will pick up the story from the end of the third series. It began production in October 2018 and will star Essie Davis, Nathan Page, and other members of the original television series, along with new guest stars Rupert Penry-Jones, Daniel Lapaine and Jacqueline McKenzie. The film is budgeted at $8 million and will be directed by Tony Tilse.

Since 2016, there had been speculation on the possibility that the television series would be made into a feature film. In May 2016, Essie Davis acknowledged interest in playing Miss Fisher in a film. "[We’re] just working out the ideas of how to make it bigger and better and more fabulous than the TV show," she said. Later that year, it was revealed that plans were afoot to produce a trilogy of Phryne Fisher films.

In April 2017, a photo was published on the official Miss Fisher Murder Mysteries Instagram account showing Essie Davis and Nathan Page holding advance copies of a film script titled Miss Fisher and the Crypt of Tears. On 14 September 2017, a crowdfunding campaign was launched on Kickstarter in support of the film. On 15 December 2017, an additional ongoing crowdfunding campaign was begun through IndieGoGo in order to allow fans to continue supporting the effort. The original campaign reached its goal of $250,000 in less than 48 hours. Filming began in October 2018 and was completed by 27 November 2018.

Television spin-off

A television spin-off, titled Ms Fisher's Modern Murder Mysteries, was announced in July 2018 and first aired in 2019. The new series follows Phryne Fisher's niece, Peregrine Fisher, in mid-sixties mod-era Melbourne, as she inherits her aunt's home and car and becomes a private detective in her own right. The series aired on the Seven Network in Australia followed by an international release. Geraldine Hakewill leads the cast as Peregrine Fisher. Joel Jackson is Detective James Steed, while Catherine McClements portrays "B

Finnish Air Force

At the beginning of the war, Finland had a very small air force, with only 114 combat airplanes fit for duty. Therefore, Finnish air missions were very limited and fighter aircraft were mainly used to repel Soviet bombers. Old-fashioned and few in numbers, Finnish aircraft could not offer support to the Finnish ground troops. Therefore, the Finnish Air Force adopted the same guerilla tactics used by Finnish ground forces, dispersing to makeshift airfields often consisting only of a frozen lake. In spite of aircraft losses throughout the war, the Finnish Air Force grew by 50 percent by the end of the war. Most new aircraft shipments arrived during January 1940.

The Finnish Air Force had also revised its tactics; In air combat, the Finns used the more flexible  "finger four" formation (four planes split into two pairs, one flying low and the other high, with each plane fighting independently of the others, yet supporting its wingman in combat), which was superior to the Soviet tactic of three fighters flying in a Vic formation. This formation and the credo of Finnish pilots to always attack, no matter the odds, contributed to the failure of Soviet bombers to inflict substantial damage against Finnish positions and population centres.

Finnish fighter pilots often dove into Soviet formations that outnumbered them ten or even twenty times, and Soviet bomber formations became wary of even single Finnish fighters, as they knew the pilot would not let them pass un-noticed. Entire squadrons could disappear on missions over Finland, and those back at their bases in Estonia could only guess at what had happened.
On one occasion, the Finnish ace Jorma Kalevi Sarvanto encountered a formation of seven DB-3 bombers on 6 January 1940 and shot down six in just 4 minutes.

Finnish aircraft 
At the start of hostilities, the Finnish Air Force had 146 aircraft of all types at its disposal, organized into 12 squadrons. The primary fighter aircraft were 
 15 Bristol Bulldog IVs, which had entered service in 1935, 
 41 of the more modern Fokker D.XXI 
 65 older Fokker aircraft of various types; Fokker C.X and Fokker C.V
 15 Blackburn Ripons
There were also 18 license-built Bristol Blenheim bombers. In 1939, an order had been placed in Italy for 25 Fiat G.50 fighters; two were being assembled in Sweden when the war broke out

Constructed over part of the old Tokyo Central Church, a newer church located behind the store, Laforet was opened in 1978.
It was built by developer Mori Building, that had developed several sites across Tokyo, as well as (subsequently) the Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, and at the time of opening it was one of the tallest buildings in Tokyo.

The name Mori, in Japanese, is the word for "forest" (森), and the name of the complex was a pun derived from that, it being simply the French words "la forêt" for "the forest".

The complex has six floors and two basements, divided into half levels; with 150 shops, and the Laforet Museum on the top floor.

It has had a long association with youth fashion culture, although this was not originally intended.
Although fashion brands such as Hysteric Glamour and Ba-tsu opened their first boutiques there, originally its interior was more staid and conventional for the times.
Unfortunately for its developers, this resulted in low sales in the first year of business, causing Ryotu Matsumoko of Ba-stu to be brought in to remodel the interior of the store, changing it to a more youthful and "edgy" design for the time, replacing long and deep stores with wide and shallow stores visible in "panopticon" fashion by shoppers from a central stairwell.

The same was true of its fashion promotion advertising image, originally designed by U.S. firm Antonio Lopez, which was not particularly successful until taken over by Takuya Onuki, who in the middle 1990s switched the advertising campaigns from female models wearing brand clothes to quirky images such as the "Nude" brand of Americans going about their daily business dressed only in underwear, and dogs in denim.

Following the increase in youth fashion culture of the times, Laforet took to partnering with youth fashion magazines and clothing brands to run fashion shows in the building during the 1980s and 1990s.
A victim of its own success, with the independent innovators that were originally attracted being acquired by and assimilated into commercial interests, Laforet's fashion shows went into decline in the late 1990s.

A new roster of boutiques began to turn its fortunes around in 2006.

References

Cross-links

Sources

External links

 Laforet Official Site (Japanese

The characters which can be input by the keys in the alphanumeric section usually are organized in levels. For two-cased scripts like Latin, the basic level (“Level 1”) contains lower-case letters, while the “Level 2” contains capital letters (therefore, these levels are usually called “unshifted” and “shifted”). For characters which are not letters (like punctuation marks), no rules are given regarding their distribution among the levels. While digits are commonly in Level 1, there are exceptions (e.g. the French keyboard layout).
 
The standard allows for a third level (but not for more than three levels). Usually (but not mandatory by the standard), characters in such a level are selected by the means of an AltGr key.

Groups 
If the organization into three levels is not sufficient to accommodate all characters to be contained in a specific layout, then “groups” may be defined which then constitute a higher hierarchical unit than levels. Thus, each such group usually is subdivided into (up to three) levels. Common examples are layouts allowing the input of characters of different scripts, like e.g. the Japanese keyboard layout (where the kana constitute the second group). Other examples are recent standardizations which allow the input of considerably more characters than their preceding editions (to overcome the historic limits of mechanical typewriters), like the Canadian Québec layout or the recently (2012) standardized German T2 layout.

“Group selectors” are defined in ISO/IEC 9995-2. On the US-International layout, the group selector for the second group is the AltGr key; on some others the simultaneously pressed Shift and AltGr keys. (At some time in the past,  the two groups were sometimes called  third level and fourth level contrary to the terminology defined in ISO/IEC 9995.)

Depictions on the keytops 
According to ISO/IEC 9995-1, the level is indicated by the row where the character is depicted on the keytop:
 Level 2 (“shifted”) above of Level 1 (“unshifted”)
 Level 3 (“AltGr”) below Level 1 (“unshifted”).
The group is indicated by the column on the keytop:
 The first or “primary group” at the left keytop border
 The second or “secondary group” at the right keytop border
 Additional groups (if existing) in between.
When letters on a

Lynae Larson is an American former marathon runner, who won the 1978 Chicago Marathon. She failed to qualify for the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Personal life and early career
Larson was born in 1953 and studied at Dickinson State College, where she began running. In her sophomore year, Larson set four meeting records at the North Dakota Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women event. She set records in the 440-yard run, long jump, 200-meter low hurdles, and the 880-yard run. In 1975, Larson won the long jump, 50 metres hurdles, 880-yard run and 1-mile run events at the same competition, and set a meeting record in the mile run. From 1976 to 1977, Larson was the coach of the Dickinson State girl's track and field team. The following year, Larson was a high school gym teacher in Brookings, South Dakota. In 2002, Larson worked as a schoolteacher in Saint Paul, Minnesota. She also worked as Women's Athletics Director at Dickinson State College.

Career
Larson failed to qualify for the marathon event at the 1976 Summer Olympics, after withdrawing  into the qualification event due to an injury.

Larson won the 1978 Chicago Marathon, in a time of 2:59:25. She received no prize money, as the event only began awarding prize money in 1982. After the race, other runners were complaining about the 10:30 start, which had most runners finishing in  heat, but Larson instead was concerned that the delayed start time affected her travel home, as she had to drive six hours back to Brookings, South Dakota, to work the next day. A race sponsor said the start time had been chosen to accommodate all entrants who lived outside the city.

Larson competed at the 1979 Chicago Marathon, and was leading until around  from the finish line, when she was overtaken by 15-year-old Laura Michalek. Larson eventually finished around a minute behind Michalek. In the same year, Larson won the second ever Lincoln Marathon, taking 31 minutes off the winning time from the previous year.

In 1984, Larson won the Kaypro Super Run in Las Vegas. The event was only for amateur athletes, one from each of the 50 states of the US. Larson qualified as amateur as she had not competed at the Olympics. The promised prize money was $500,000, awarded as $10,000 per

Drug use is a serious problem at HMP Chelmsford according to HM Inspectorate of Prisons (42.6% of prisoners failed drug tests) and organised gangs supply prohibited items.  Inspectors describe, "significant concerns about safety" and excessive levels of violence, much of the violence is due to supply and use of prohibited substances.  Overcrowding and under-resourcing are blamed.  Peter Clarke said the rising violence, suicides, accessibility of drugs and bad living conditions made him consider using the Urgent Notification protocol, which would make the Justice Secretary take action.  In one month, prison authorities seized £15,000 worth of illegal goods.  There were 17 suicides at Chelmsford during the 8 years to 2018 and 5 of them were since the inspection in 2016.  For examples of suicides, see Notable former inmates.  Deborah Coles of Inquest said the prison was, "incredibly unsafe [the rate of suicides] suggests that the plethora of recommendations following previous self-inflicted deaths have not been implemented. Inquests repeatedly identify the same systemic failings with dismal regularity.  Recent inquests into deaths at Chelmsford prison have highlighted failures around the management of self-harm procedures, a lack of staff training in mental health awareness, inadequate risk assessments and failures in responding to bullying.  The failure to implement existing guidelines on the care of those at risk indicates a lack of care, neglect and inhuman treatment from punitive and often inflexible prison regimes."  Coles urged the setting up of a national group to supervise how lessons from inquests and reports are carried out, the group to be accountable to Parliament.  Problems inspectors drew attention to included that 40% of prisoners who did not take part in activities were locked in their cells for up to 22 hours a day and items including mattresses and pillows were in short supply.  The Howard League for Penal Reform maintain Chelmsford was designed to hold 521 men but the prison actually held 700 men when it was inspected.

Notable former inmates
 Ian Wright, former footballer
 Alfred George Hinds
 Warren Sampson, hanged himself in Chelmsford Prison on 4 September 2015.  Sampson's mother contacted the prison hours before his death because she was worried about messages he had sent her but the prison failed to safeguard Sampson.  The prison ombudsman said suicide and self-harm procedures, "did not operate fully effectively"

JavaOS is an operating system with a Java virtual machine as a fundamental component, originally developed by Sun Microsystems. Unlike Windows, Mac OS, Unix, or Unix-like systems which are primarily written in the C programming language, JavaOS is primarily written in Java. It is now considered a legacy system.

History 
The Java programming language was introduced by Sun in May 1995. Across the following six months, the Java platform and its ideas propagated through the world. Jim Mitchell and Peter Madany at JavaSoft designed a new operating system, codenamed Kona, written completely in Java. In March 1996, Tom   Saulpaugh joined the now seven person Kona team to design an I/O architecture, having come from Apple as Mac OS engineer since June 1985 and co-architect of Copland.

JavaOS was first evangelized in a Byte article. In 1996, JavaSoft's official product announcement described the compact OS designed to run "in anything from net computers to pagers". In early 1997, JavaSoft transferred JavaOS to SunSoft. In late 1997, Bob Rodriguez led the team to collaborate with IBM who then marketed the platform, accelerated development, and made significant key architectural contributions to the next release of JavaOS, eventually renamed JavaOS for Business. IBM indicated its focus was more on network computer thin clients, specifically to replace traditional "green screen" and UNIX terminals, and to implement single application clients. The Chorus distributed real-time operating system was purchased for its microkernel technology.

JavaSoft has granted licenses to more than 25 manufacturers, including Oracle Corp, Acer Inc., Xerox, Toshiba Corp, and Nokia. IBM and Sun announced the cooperation for JavaOS for Business at the end of March 1998.

In 1999, Sun and IBM announced the discontinuation of the JavaOS product. As early as 2003, Sun materials referred to JavaOS as a "legacy technology", recommending migration to Java ME, leaving the choice of specific OS and Java environment to the implementer.

Overview 
JavaOS is based on a hardware architecture native microkernel, running on platforms including ARM, PowerPC, SPARC, StrongARM, and IA-32 (x86). The Java virtual machine runs on top of the microkernel. All device drivers are written in Java and executed by the virtual machine. A graphics and windowing system implementing the AWT API is also written in Java.

JavaOS was designed to run on embedded

History and impact

People Water builds wells and provides clean water for people in countries such as Nicaragua, India, Ghana, and Haiti. The company's first project was based in Nicaragua in a village called Taquezal where they repaired and built wells. After the success of their first mission, the company went onto multiple cities and villages in the other countries listed above. There were two projects completed across the country of Ghana, Africa that affected 750 people. The Haiti well project, finished on September 20, 2012, directly affected 7,150 people. In April 2012 People Water named Ken Bretschneider, an entrepreneur and business executive, the new CEO in hope to bring in stronger leadership and expand the company. More recently People Water has done fundraising in attempt to provide typhoon victims in the Philippines with clean water.

The bottle
People Water emphasizes the structure and design of their bottles. What they call "The Anatomy of the Bottle" has nine main components. The first and second components can be found at the very top of the bottle. First, is the screw on cap and the second is the thumbprint that is placed on the top of the cap. People Water says that the thumbprint is there to represent humanity and show each person as an individual. Components three through seven can all be found on the body of the bottle. The third of these is the “Drop for Drop” slogan printed around the top of each bottle. Fourth, is replacing the “O” in the word bottle with recycling logo reminding drinkers to recycle their bottle. The fifth component is a QR Code that the customer can scan with a smart phone. Upon scanning the customer can see which project they are helping to fund. Sixth is making a bottle that is eco-friendly and seventh is simply putting the company name “People” on the bottle. The last two components actually have to do with the water itself. Eighth, People Water states that they only use 100% natural spring water. The final component is that the water remains Bisphenol A (BPA) free. The bottles come in two different sizes,  and a .

Marketing

Much of the marketing includes the use of social media. People Water can be found on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Many videos have been taken of various projects and placed on the People Water website for viewing. Also, People Water was voted and chosen to be the official bottled water for the 2014 People's Choice Awards.

Products

Water

Chinchpada is a panchayat village located in Nashik division of the Kandesh region of Maharashtra state in India. The village used to be called Bodhgaon. Administratively, Chinchpada is under Navapur Taluka, Nandurbar District, Maharashtra. There is only the single village of Chinchpada in the Chinchpada gram panchayat.
It is located on National Highway 6, running from Hazira (near Surat) in Gujarat to Kolkota, West Bengal. It is about 100 km from Dhule and about 120 km from Surat.

Infrastructure
Chinchpada is a pleasant place lined by hills on one side. 
Chinchpada is famous for the Chinchpada Christian Hospital, which is governed by the Emmanuel Hospital Association (EHA), New Delhi. The Hospital was established in 1942 as a small clinic, and later it was upgraded to a 15-bed hospital that continues to provide healthcare services to the predominantly tribal population in the surrounding villages. It was incorporated into EHA in 1974. The hospital, known for its low cost quality health care, currently has 50 beds and attracts a lot of patients referred there for surgeries, medicine, cancer treatment, palliative care, and maternity services. The hospital has a 4-bed fully equipped ICU and 24/7 quality nursing care under trained and experienced doctors.

Chinchpada is also well known for its railway station, which was constructed by the British government during the colonial era. The rail lines connect Surat to Bhusawal, two of India's big railway junctions.

Culture
The majority of the village's population is engaged in the educational services sector.
'Unity in Diversity' can seen in this town, as Marathi, Marwari, Gujarati, Adivasi, and Sikh communities live here with love and peace.

Educational Facility
Four high-schools and one Junior College provide educational facilities to the community.

Namely:
Pachim Khandesah Bhill Seva Mandal Sanchalit Vanvasi Vidyalaya' (High-school, Marathi Medium)  
S.C.Chavan Junior College. (College of Science and Arts)
Emmanuel Public School. (High-school, English Medium, Maharashtra State Board)
D.G.

Rosie Vanier

Rosie Vanier is a British singer and keyboard player from Cornwall. She was a founding member and the front woman of Rosie and the Goldbug; following the break-up of the band in 2009, she embarked on a solo career, and went on to form the trio Lightknife in 2014.

Life and career
Vanier grew up in Bodmin Moor "on a plot of land with no electricity, no heat, no TV, just a piano". Her mother and part-Native American father used to go on cycle tours in Europe, playing folk ballads along the way to entertain passers-by. She studied music at Roehampton University, and then returned home to Cornwall to form Rosie and the Goldbug in 2007, with bass player Lee "Pixie" Matthews and drummer Sarah "Plums" Morgan. Rosie and the Goldbug soon built up a reputation as a live band in Cornwall and started to attract wider attention. They toured Europe with Cyndi Lauper for most of 2008.

The band released an eponymous album on their manager's label, Lover Records, produced by Jim Eliot of electropop duo Kish Mauve; Vanier entered into writing partnerships with Marcella Detroit and Glaswegian band El Presidente for several songs on the record. In August 2009, Vanier announced via the band's MySpace site that "Rosie and the Goldbug are over". Vanier then embarked on a solo career, under the management of Fachtna O'Ceallaigh, who has worked with Sinéad O'Connor, U2 and the Boomtown Rats; she completed her debut solo EP, Ep1, in November 2010. Since going solo, she has collaborated with Adam and the Ants guitarist and songwriter Marco Pirroni, who was introduced to her by O'Ceallaigh, writing and recording new tracks together. She released a second EP, Black Cats and Black Stars, in October 2011, with a third, Neon Nightmare, following in early 2012, supported by a solo UK tour; the EP's title track was featured on a Music Week cover-mounted compilation CD in early February.

In early 2013, after some time out recording material in New York City, she was touring again with a band comprising Goldbugs bass player Matthews and drummer Bubs Taylor. Summer 2014 saw the release of the Bad in Love EP, under the band name Lightknife. Summer 2015 saw

According to the Campaign Legal Center, Bopp filed 21 of the 31 lawsuits it associated with challenging campaign finance regulations. All told, Bopp has spent 30 years fighting limits on campaign spending and is credited with changing the political landscape of the 2012 election.  According to the Center for Responsive Politics. "It's safe to say that groups on the left and right have Jim Bopp to thank for their new-found freedom."

In an interview with PBS' Frontline in 2012, Bopp said he was defending a "basically absolute" interpretation of the right to political free speech under the First Amendment. He said he is working to eliminate or loosen campaign spending limits, and to eliminate donor-name-reporting requirements.

A study conducted in 2014 showed that Bopp was one of a comparatively small number of lawyers most likely to have their cases heard by the Supreme Court.

Bopp represented a group of plaintiffs, including Senator Rand Paul (R-KY), Republicans Overseas, and current and former U.S. citizens living in foreign countries, in a legal challenge to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) filed in 2015. The plaintiffs in the lawsuit, Crawford v. U.S. Department of Treasury, alleged that a number of provisions of the act unconstitutionally violate privacy rights of U.S. citizens, while burdening both private individuals and the financial institutions that they patronize. In April 2016, U.S. District Judge Thomas M. Rose of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio dismissed the suit for lack of standing.

Republican Party membership and activism
Bopp is known for his staunch social conservatism, and his past and present clients are "a who's who of social conservatism," including the Traditional Values Coalition, the Home School Legal Defense Association, Concerned Women for America, and the Federation for American Immigration Reform. Bopp is particularly known for his opposition to all forms of limits on money in politics and his role as counsel for groups seeking, often successfully, to strike down campaign-finance limitations.

He became Indiana's Republican National Committeeman on the Republican National Committee in 2006, and became the RNC's Vice Chairman in 2008. His tenure on the RNC ended in 2012 when he was defeated for another term by John Hammond at the state Republican convention. Bopp said after the convention that he was defeated because he supported Richard Mourdock over incumbent Richard Lugar for the

On 26 August 1944, Evans sailed from Eniwetok to screen the fueling and aircraft replacement group for the assault and occupation of the Palau Islands, and arriving at Ulithi on 30 October, served on patrol and escort duty there through 11 January 1945. After a special assignment to hunt submarines near Yap and to bombard that island, from 11 to 13 January, Evans sailed to Saipan, from which she screened transports to the landings on Iwo Jima on 19 February. She conducted shore bombardment and supported the troops ashore with harassing fire on Japanese positions, then screened escort carriers until 8 March, when she sailed to Ulithi.

Evans cleared Ulithi on 21 March 1945 to screen escort carriers in pre-invasion air strikes on Okinawa and served with them through the 1 April assault on the island, and until 2 May, when she put into Kerama Retto. Eight days later, she got underway with  for a radar picket station northwest of Okinawa. During the first night on station, 10–11 May, enemy planes were constantly in evidence; more than a hundred attacked the two destroyers and the two LCSs with them. Evans fought determinedly against this overwhelming assault, shooting down many of them, but in quick succession, four kamikazes struck her.  After engineering spaces flooded, and she lost power, Evans crew strove to save her, using portable fire extinguishers and bucket brigades. They succeeded, though 32 were killed and 27 wounded, and the ship was towed into Kerama Retto on 14 May for repairs. She was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation for high gallantry and achievement.

After emergency repairs at Kerama Retto, Evans was towed to San Francisco, where she was decommissioned on 7 November, and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 28 November 1945. She was sold for scrap on 11 February 1947.

Honors
In addition to the Presidential Unit Citation, Evans received five battle stars for her World War II service.

References

External links
navsource.org: USS Evans
hazegray.org: USS Evans
NHC Photos, USS Evans (DD-552)

Category:World War II destroyers of the United States
Category:Ships built in Chickasaw, Alabama
Category:1942 ships
Category:Fletcher-class destroyers of the United States Navy


Peace talks
During the Central American Peace Accords negotiations in 1987, the FMLN demanded that all death squads be disbanded and the members be held accountable. In October 1987, the Salvadoran Assembly approved an amnesty for civil-war-related crimes. The Amnesty law required the release of all prisoners suspected of being guerrillas and guerrilla sympathizers. Pursuant to these laws, 400 political prisoners were released. Insurgents were given a period of fifteen days to turn themselves over to the security forces in exchange for amnesty. Despite amnesty being granted to guerillas and political prisoners, amnesty was also granted to members of the army, security forces and paramilitary who were involved in human rights abuses.

Army death squads continue
In October 1988, Amnesty International reported that death squads had abducted, tortured, and killed, hundreds of suspected dissidents in the proceeding eighteen months. Most of the victims were trade unionists and members of cooperatives, human rights workers, members of the judiciary involved in efforts to establish criminal responsibility for human rights violations, returned refugees and displaced persons, and released political prisoners.

The squads comprised intelligence sections of the Armed Forces and the security services. They customarily wore plain clothes and made use of trucks or vans with tinted windows and without license plates. They were "chillingly efficient", said the report. Victims were sometimes shot from passing cars, in the daytime and in front of eyewitnesses. At other times, victims were kidnapped from their homes or on the streets and their bodies found dumped far from the scene. Others were forcefully "disappeared." Victims were "customarily found mutilated, decapitated, dismembered, strangled or showing marks of torture or rape." The death squad style was "to operate in secret but to leave mutilated bodies of victims as a means of terrifying the population."

FMLN offensive of 1989 and retaliation

Outraged by the results of the 1988 fixed elections and the military's use of terror tactics and voter intimidation, the FMLN launched a major offensive with the aim of unseating the government of President Alfredo Cristiani on November 11, 1989. This offensive brought the epicenter of fighting into the wealthy suburbs of San Salvador for essentially the first time in the history of the conflict, as the FMLN began a campaign of selective assassinations against political and military officials, civil officials, and upper-class private

Darren James Wright (born 14 March 1968) is an English former footballer, who played as a defender. Originally a centre-back in his youth, he played professionally at full-back. He is the current head coach of the Kernow football team in Non-FIFA football.

Playing career
Wright would get his start at Wolverhampton Wanderers, the club he supported, playing for their second team whilst still in school, however he would only make one senior appearance for the club – an away match at Plymouth Argyle.

In 1986 he would sign for Wrexham, where he would make 110 appearances in 4 years, winning Young Player of the Season in both the 1987–88 and 1988–89 seasons.

His Wrexham and fully professional career would come to an end through cruciate and cartilage damage in his knee, sustained in a match with Doncaster Rovers in a 50/50 challenge with forward Mark Rankine.

After his recovery, he would move to non-league football with Worcester City, spending a year at the Worcestershire club.

He would then move to Cheltenham Town, where, during his two-year spell there he would win promotion from the Doc Martens league to the Conference, and the FA Trophy.

After Cheltenham, he would move to Stafford Rangers before ending his career at Halesowen Town.

Coaching career
After football, Wright would hold many coaching jobs, including senior team coach at Rushall Olympic, assistant manager at Continental Star and coaching youths at Wolverhampton Wanderers. He managed Panjab in 2016, taking them to the final of the 2016 ConIFA World Football Cup. In 2018 he took charge of the first Kernow football team.

Personal life
During a charity game he played for Wrexham Veterans against Mold Alexandra on 12 July 2014, Wright suffered a heart attack. He made a full recovery and was still playing charity matches in 2015.

Honours

Individual
Wrexham
Young Player of the Season: 1987–88, 1988–89

Team
Cheltenham Town
Promotion from Southern Football League: 1996–97
FA Trophy: 1997–98

References

Category:1968 births
Category:English footballers
Category:English Football League players
Category:Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Category:Wrexham A.F.

 Ace up the Sleeve – 2 Loads: draw 1 card from the deck.
 Bandolier – 1 Load: Once during your turn, you may play one extra Bang! card.
 Big Fifty – 1 Load: Cancel the target player's ability and cards in play. (weapon, 6 range)
 Bell Tower – 1 Load:
 Thunderer  – (weapon, 3 range)
 Tumbleweed – 
 Crate
 Bomb
 Buntline Special – (weapon, 2 range)
 Whip
 Beer Keg
 Lock Pick
 Double Barrel – (weapon, 1 range)

Deluxe version: Bang! The Bullet!
A deluxe version of Bang!, called Bang! The Bullet!, was released in 2007.

This set included three of the official expansions, High Noon (second edition), Dodge City, and A Fistful of Cards (second edition), along with several extras:
 A Sheriff's Badge
 Three special character cards:
Uncle Will – Once during his turn, he may play any card from hand as a General Store. This card is a reference to Will Niebling, former CEO of Mayfair Games (which published the game in the USA until 2008).
Johnny Kisch – Each time he puts a card into play, all other cards in play with the same name are discarded. This card is a reference to Jo Nikisch, CEO of Abacus Spiele, the German publisher of the game.
Claus "The Saint" – He draws one more card than the number of players, keeps 2 for himself, then gives 1 to each player. This card was a bonus, "unglued" card originally included in the online daVinci newsletter. The author considers this card to be quite unbalanced and not suited for serious play
 Two additional High Noon cards:
New Identity – At the beginning of their turn each player looks at the character he is using to keep track of his life points.  He may switch to the new identity for the rest of the game, starting with 2 life points.
Handcuffs – After drawing his cards in phase 1, the player whose turn it is names a suit: he can only play cards of that suit during his turn.
 Two blank cards – one for a character and one for a normal card.

The 2007 release of Bang! the Bullet! game follows the 3rd edition rules of the basic game and

The first product-form solutions were found for equilibrium distributions of Markov chains. Trivially, models composed of two or more independent sub-components exhibit a product-form solution by the definition of independence. Initially the term was used in queueing networks where the sub-components would be individual queues. For example, Jackson's theorem gives the joint equilibrium distribution of an open queueing network as the product of the equilibrium distributions of the individual queues. After numerous extensions, chiefly the BCMP network it was thought local balance was a requirement for a product-form solution.

Gelenbe's G-network model was the first to show that this is not the case. Motivated by the need to model biological neurons which have a point-process like spiking behaviour, he introduced the precursor of G-Networks, calling it the random neural network. By introducing  "negative customers" which can destroy or eliminate other customers, he generalised the family of product form networks. Then this was further extended in several steps, first by Gelenbe's "triggers" which are customers which have the power of moving other customers from some queue to another. Another new form of customer that also led to product form was Gelenbe's "batch removal". This was further extended by  Erol Gelenbe and Jean-Michel Fourneau with customer types called "resets" which can model the repair of failures: when a queue hits the empty state, representing (for instance) a failure, the queue length can jump back or be "reset" to its steady-state distribution by an arriving reset customer, representing a repair. All these previous types of customers in G-Networks can exist in the same network, including with multiple classes, and they all together still result in the product form solution, taking us far beyond the reversible networks that had been considered before.

Product-form solutions are sometimes described as "stations are independent in equilibrium". Product form solutions also exist in networks of bulk queues.

J.M. Harrison and R.J. Williams note that "virtually all of the models that have been successfully analyzed in classical queueing network theory are models having a so-called product-form stationary distribution" More recently, product-form solutions have been published for Markov process algebras (e.g. RCAT in PEPA) and stochastic petri nets. Martin Feinberg's deficiency zero theorem gives a sufficient condition for chemical reaction networks to exhibit a product-form stationary distribution.


Wau Holland

Herwart Holland-Moritz, known as Wau Holland, (20 December 1951 – 29 July 2001) was a German computer security activist and journalist who in 1981 cofounded the Chaos Computer Club (CCC), one of the world's oldest hacking clubs.

Career 
In 1981, Holland cofounded the Chaos Computer Club. The CCC became world-famous when its members exposed security flaws in Germany's "Bildschirmtext" (Btx) online television service by getting a bank to send them DM 134,000 for accessing its Btx page many times. They returned the money the following day.

From 1983 he was a columnist for the Berlin-based Die Tageszeitung, often reporting on the BBS scene and the computer underground.

Holland also co-founded the CCC's hacker magazine Datenschleuder in 1984, which praised the possibilities of global information networks and powerful computers, and included detailed wiring diagrams for building modems cheaply. The then-monopolist telephone company of Germany's Deutsche Bundespost had to approve modems and sold expensive, slow modems of their own. The telecommunications branch of Deutsche Bundespost was privatized and is now Deutsche Telekom.

Because of Holland's continuing participation in the club, the CCC gained popularity and credibility. He gave speeches on information control for the government and the private sector. Holland fought against copy protection and all forms of censorship and for an open information infrastructure. He compared the censorship demands by some governments to those of the Christian church in the Middle Ages and regarded copy protection as a product defect. In his last years, he spent a lot of his time at a youth centre teaching children both the ethics and the technology of hacking.

Personal life 
Holland was born in Kassel, and grew up in Marburg, Hesse. He graduated from the Gymnasium Philippinum secondary school and attended the University of Marburg, though he did not graduate. 

Holland was an amateur radio operator and held the call sign DB4FA.

Holland died in Bielefeld on 29 July 2001 of complications caused by a brain stem stroke from which he suffered in May.

See also 
 Phreaking
 Wau Holland Foundation

References

External links 
  Wau Holland Foundation
  Spiegel article
  Book on Wau - Der Phrasenprüfer

Category:1951 births
Category:2001 deaths
Category:

Greenhouse (restaurant)

Greenhouse was a bar/restaurant at 100 St Georges Terrace in Perth, Western Australia. Designed by Dutch-born florist, artist, builder and environmentalist Joost Bakker, and opened in 2009, it is a "quirky, eco-friendly restaurant" concept, which has been described as "... a breath of fresh air and a brilliant example of innovation in the restaurant sector." The head chef at Greenhouse was Matt Stone. 

As a concept, Greenhouse had a mission to improve vastly on the ways restaurants are created, to have better design, better operation, and to be "completely waste free from the ground up".  Amongst other things, Greenhouse "... has its vegetable garden on the roof, grinds its own organic flour, has walls made of hay bales and boasts a zero-carbon footprint."

Both Stone and the restaurant have won a number of awards.  In 2010, Stone was named Best New Talent at the national Gourmet Traveller Awards; then was awarded Young Chef of the Year by The West Australian Good Food Guide in 2011 and 2012. The restaurant was given a one star rating, and the award for Best New Restaurant of the Year, by The West Australian Good Food Guide 2011, and retained its one star rating for 2012 and 2013, but lost that rating for 2014.

The Greenhouse concept has also appeared, in temporary, "pop-up" restaurant form, at Federation Square in Melbourne in 2008–09, at Sydney Harbour in 2011, and at the Melbourne Food and Wine Festival in 2012. Greenhouse also featured in an episode of MasterChef Australia series 5 in 2013.

The restaurant was sold to Red Rock Leisure in partnership with chef Chris Taylor around 2012.

The restaurant closed in May 2017. Managing partners of the venue claimed decreased revenue and high operation costs as contributing factors.

See also

 Australian cuisine
 Western Australian wine

References

External links

 By Joost: Greenhouse Perth – article on Joost Bakker's website describing the restaurant's construction
 Goodfood: Greenhouse by Joost – review of the Sydney "pop up" restaurant
 Qantas Travel Insider: Greenhouse, Perth – reviews of the restaurant originally published in Qantas The Australian Way
 The Australian: Green and gold – review of the restaurant by John Lethlean

Category:Culture in Perth, Western Australia
Category:Restaur

Professional career

New England Patriots
After going undrafted in the 2014 NFL Draft, Finch was signed to a three-year contract by the Patriots. He was, however, released by the Patriots prior to the start of the 2014 season.

Ottawa Redblacks
Following his release from the Patriots, Finch signed with the CFL's Ottawa Redblacks. During five games with the Redblacks, he carried the ball 24 times for 95 yards and had a 21.6-yard average on kick returns.

He was released by the Redblacks prior to the 2015 season.

Calgary Stampeders
After Finch sat out the 2015 season, during which he finished his degree at Oklahoma, he received a tryout with and was signed by the Stampeders for the 2016 season.

In his first season with Calgary, Finch excelled as a kick returner, recording 71 punt returns for 993 yards and a touchdown and returning 43 kickoffs for 1,060 yards. In June 2017, Finch was suspended two games for violating the CFL's drug policy. During the 2017 season, Finch returned three kicks for touchdowns, tying a Calgary franchise record held by Derrick Crawford. He was named the CFL's top special teams player for the season. In light of his arrest in Edmond, Oklahoma, Finch announced in early May 2018, that he was putting his football career on hold indefinitely and he would not be reporting to the Stampeders 2018 training camp.

Personal
Finch grew up in Clinton, Maryland. He graduated from Niceville (FL) High School, though he attended Edmond North High School in Oklahoma for his sophomore year. He grew up a fan of the New England Patriots.

On April 16, 2018 it was announced that Finch had been arrested by police officers in Edmond, Oklahoma for allegedly assaulting a police officer the previous weekend. In late June 2019 criminal charges against Finch related to kidnapping and domestic abuse were dropped after a key witness failed to appear for a preliminary hearing.

References

External links
 Oklahoma bio

Category:1991 births
Category:Living people
Category:African-American players of Canadian football
Category:American football running backs
Category:American players of Canadian football
Category:Calgary Stampeders players
Category:Canadian football running backs
Category:New England Patriots players
Category:Oklahoma Sooners football players
Category:Ottawa Red

Chief justice and governor
Winneke was appointed as Chief Justice of Victoria in 1964. According to Sir John Young, he was "a model of fairness", who delivered judgments which "were models of clarity and learning". He was appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria in 1972. In 1974, he retired from office as Chief Justice and became the Governor of Victoria, an office which he occupied with "great distinction" until 1982. He was knighted in 1957, created a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1966, a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1977 and a Companion of the Order of Australia in 1982. He received the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws from the University of Melbourne in 1978 and Monash University in 1980.

Don Chipp said that Winneke had told him in 1971 that the convicted murderer Leith Ratten was innocent. In 1981, when Ratten had yet to be released, Chipp said Winneke denied the conversation had taken place. Later a member of the Supreme Court at the time of Ratten's trial told Tom Molomby that Winneke had wanted to remove the jury from the trial. Such a move would require a belief that the evidence would not support a guilty verdict.

Personal life
Winneke was married twice, first to Nancy Wilkinson in 1933 by whom he had two sons, John and Michael. Following his first wife's death in 1983, in 1984 he married Ellis Faul, who survived him. His son, John Winneke, was also a judge on the Supreme Court of Victoria, being President of the Court of Appeal from its inception in 1995 until his retirement in 2005. Winneke was a keen golfer and follower of Australian Rules Football, being at one time the number one ticket holder of Hawthorn Football Club.

See also
 Judiciary of Australia
 List of Judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria

References

Further reading
 Coleman, Robert, Above renown: The biography of Sir Henry Winneke, South Melbourne, MacMillan Australia, 1988.

Category:1908 births
Category:1985 deaths
Category:Australian Queen's Counsel
Category:Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Category:Companions of the Order of Australia
Category:Governors of Victoria (Australia)
Category:Chief Justices of Victoria
Category:Australian Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Category:Australian Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order


However, tension between the two gangsters grew as Wai grew wary of Wan's high-profile persona. Teaming up with rival triad group the Shui Fong, a vicious turf war broke out in 1996 and 1997. In early 1997, an unsigned letter was sent to several newspapers in the area. It said: "Warning: From this day on it is forbidden to mention Broken Tooth Koi in the press; otherwise bullets will have no eyes, and knives and bullets will have no feelings."

In 1997 Wan briefly fled Macau to avoid two arrest warrants, one from a new anti-triad law enacted in Macau, and one for drug-trafficking from China. However, in August a Portuguese judge cleared Wan of all charges, and unexpectedly retired and moved back to Portugal the very next day.

Wan then proceeded to attack Wai in public, putting up posters claiming he was a drug trafficker and declaring that anyone visiting Wai's casinos would become his enemy. Ultimately, Wan amassed enough power and influence and took over Wai's rackets completely. By this time he was earning $6 million a month from his legal gambling establishments.

Involvement in the film industry and arrest 

In the autumn of 1997, Wan approached Hong Kong movie producer Henry Fong Ping to produce a film based on his life. The result was the 1998 movie Casino (aka Ho Kong Fung Wan) starring Simon Yam as Giant, a triad boss living the high life in the Macau underworld. Wan agreed to extensive research meetings to make the film as accurate as possible, as well as using his influence on Macau to help the crew film.

One of his most outrageous stunts was to close down the Macau-Taipa Bridge for some hours to allow filming of a crucial scene in the movie. The producers had asked the Macau Government for permission to film on the bridge, closing it to traffic, but permission was denied. However, Wan wanted the scene to be shot anyway so he closed traffic from both sides of the bridge without any warning and the scene was filmed in this manner. Traffic to and from Macau was, because of this, halted for around two hours. No police intervention was made or any other measures by the Macau Government were taken to reopen the bridge to normal traffic flow on what was then one of the two links between Macau mainland and Taipa-Coloane.

A week before opening

Boone-Migura began his study of voice and piano in Houston before moving to pursue his Bachelor's in Voice Performance (honors) and Master's in French Language, Literature and Culture at Syracuse University. During his academic tenure he received the university's most prestigious Remembrance Scholar Award (named for the 35 students killed in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 Dec. 21, 1988 over Lockerbie, Scotland), and The SU Graduate Teaching Fellowship in French. He also studied voice and piano at the Strasbourg Conservatory of Music in Strasbourg, France. After graduating and moving to New York City, Boone-Migura began teaching French and coaching singers in French diction and the French Mélodie. He also holds a second master's degree in Vocal Pedagogy from Westminster Choir College in Princeton where he graduated with honors and distinction. In addition to coaching singer's privately in the French vocal repertoire, Boone-Migura has taught as a part-time adjunct French language faculty member at The New School and Hunter College in New York. Boone-Migura is currently a guest lecturer in the music department at The University of Hawai'i where he teaches art song literature course in French Mélodie and German Lied and vocal pedagogy. 
 
After accumulating over ten years of project management and client relationship management experience, Boone also managed to transition into an executive role serving as the director of client relationship management at the world's largest document processing services firm CIBT, Inc in NYC. He managed a number of strategic relationships at major firms, publishing and advertising companies, including Yahoo!, MetroSource Publishing and CIBT, Inc.
 
In 2009, Boone-Migura founded The Art Song Preservation Society of NY, a nonprofit arts organization devoted to preserving and revitalizing the art song while simultaneously promoting the art song recital. Boone-Migura also co-hosted an internet-radio show called "A Toast To Song" sponsored by The Art Song Preservation Society of New York (ASPS) where he serves as Executive Director. ASPS's credo is "where music speaks, and words sing!" Blair founded ASPS because of his concern and deep interest in promoting this declining area of vocal literature and in honor of his mentor of twenty-two years, master French and German song specialist, Mary Trueman (1915-2008). Boone-Migura studied voice with Mary Trueman who taught

Politicians
Eileen Bell, former MLA for North Down; Deputy Leader for the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland
Roberta Carol Blackman-Woods, Labour Party, MP for City of Durham since 2005
Dominic Bradley, Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) MLA for Newry and Armagh
Gregory Campbell, Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) MP for East Londonderry
John Dallat, SDLP, MLA and Deputy Speaker for the Northern Ireland Assembly
Mark Durkan, SDLP, MP, former deputy First Minister of the Northern Ireland Executive
Sean Farren, former SDLP MLA and Minister in the Northern Ireland Executive
Michelle Gildernew, Sinn Féin, MP for Fermanagh and South Tyrone; former MLA and Minister of Agriculture Rural Development 2007-11 in the Northern Ireland Executive
Paul Givan, DUP MLA for Lagan Valley since 2010
Kate Hoey, Labour Party, MP for Vauxhall
Cecilia Keaveney, former Fianna Fáil politician; Teachta Dála (TD) for Donegal North-East, 1996-2007; Senator, 2007-2011
Dolores Kelly, SDLP, MLA for Upper Bann since 2003; Deputy Leader of the SDLP since 2011
Alban Maginness, SDLP, MP
David McClarty, MLA, Independent Unionist; Deputy Speaker for the Northern Ireland Assembly since 2007*
Basil McCrea, leader of the Unionist Party NI21; member of the Northern Ireland Assembly
Rebecca Ndjoze-Ojo, Namibian politician; SWAPO member of the National Assembly; Deputy Minister of Education since 2005
Seán Neeson, former leader of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland; member of the Northern Ireland Assembly
Brian Ó Domhnaill, Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann since 2007 
Sandra Overend, Ulster Unionist Party MLA since 2011 for Mid. Ulster

Religion
Rev. James Alexander Hamilton Irwin
Reverend Roy Magee OBE (1930–2009), Presbyterian minister

Sport
Fionnuala Carr, camogie player
Jonathan Magee, academic and former footballer
Brian Robinson, former Irish rugby union international player

Writers and poets

Kevin Cahill, FRSA

Its location is west of Barkingside and Fullwell Cross, north of Aldborough Hatch, south of Hainault and (distantly) west from Marks Gate and Collier Row. It is 3 miles from Ilford town centre.

History and origins of the name

The Fairlop Oak
The district took its name from an old oak tree, the Fairlop Oak, that stood in Hainault Forest when much of the area was covered in trees. The oak is said to have had a trunk sixty-six feet in circumference, from which seventeen branches issued, most of them measuring not less than twelve feet in girth. In the eighteenth century, a pump and block maker from Wapping, Daniel Day, would take his employees on an annual fair in the forest, using the oak as their rendezvous. The fair took place on the first Friday of July.  They dined on beans and bacon, and this may be the origin of the English words bean-feast and beano.

The Fairlop Fair
By the middle of the eighteenth century, the annual excursion to Fairlop had become one of London's most popular entertainments, and as many as a hundred thousand people being drawn through Ilford to the fair in the forest. As a result, the area became known as "Fair" (after the fair) followed by "lop" referring to the tree flourishing after part of it was used to make Daniel Day's coffin after he died in 1767. A Society of Archers - The Hainault Foresters - under the patronage of the Earl Tylney of Wanstead House met under the Fairlop Oak.

A legend has it that Queen Anne visited Fairlop during the fair. One of the songs sung at the fair was called "Come, come, my boys", in which one verse states:

In June 1805, the oak tree caught fire, and by 1820 it was finally blown down. Its site is marked roughly at the boat house by the lake at Fairlop Waters. In nearby Fullwell Cross is a pub called the New Fairlop Oak.

In 1851, the local people complained so bitterly about the depredations caused by the local deer that the trees which had surrounded the great oak were all felled and the adjoining parts of the forest were converted into farmland.

In 1903 a station at Fairlop was opened on a new loop line that formed part of the Great Eastern Railway. In

History

Kraken (2000–present)
In 1999, Six Flags Great Adventure spent $42 million on new attractions including a prototype Floorless Coaster by Bolliger & Mabillard, Medusa (later Bizarro). The immediate popularity of the ride led SeaWorld Orlando and three other amusement parks to announce plans to install Floorless Coasters in 2000; aside from the announcement of Kraken on May 6, 1999, Six Flags Discovery Kingdom announced Medusa, Geauga Lake announced Dominator, and Six Flags Fiesta Texas announced Superman: Krypton Coaster. Kraken was announced as costing approximately $18–20 million. Krakens announcement more than one year out from its opening was an attempt by the park to drive international attendance.

Construction for the ride was well underway in January 2000. During construction, Superior Rigging & Erection was responsible for erecting the supports and track of the roller coaster.

On June 1, 2000, Kraken officially opened to the public. At the time of opening Kraken held the record for the tallest and longest roller coaster in the state of Florida. It held this record until 2006 when Disney's Animal Kingdom opened the  Expedition Everest.

Kraken Unleashed (2017–2018) 
On September 27, 2016, it was announced that the ride would go under an extensive refurbishment and reopen in 2017 with virtual reality and was renamed to Kraken Unleashed. On June 16, 2017, Kraken Unleashed officially opened to the public. In early 2018, the virtual reality headsets were removed from the attraction’s ride vehicles and the ride went back to being Kraken due to technical difficulties. They returned to the ride in June 2018. Later that summer, the virtual reality was permanently removed due to slow dispatches and excessive wait times.

Characteristics

Statistics
The  Kraken stands  tall. With a top speed of , the ride was the fastest roller coaster at SeaWorld Orlando until the opening of Mako in summer 2016. The ride features seven inversions including two vertical loops, a dive loop, a spiraling camelback (zero-g roll), a cobra roll and a flat spin (corkscrew).

Trains

Kraken Unleashed operates with three floorless trains. Each train seats 32 riders in eight rows of four. This gives the ride a theoretical hourly capacity

Major Dooley died in 1924 at the age of 82. He left Swannanoa entirely to his wife, Sally Mae, along with several million dollars. Sallie May Dooley died in 1926 at the age of 79. She left the estate to Major Dooley's two sisters.

When the property was built it had state-of-the-art fixtures for the time. Electricity and plumbing were installed in the house. It was the first house to have electricity in Nelson County and to accomplish this it had its own power plant on the property. There also was a built-in elevator. Like Monticello, Thomas Jefferson's house 27 miles away, it had a dumbwaiter to bring food up from the basement kitchen to the dining room on the first floor.

The sisters sold Swannanoa in 1926 to the Valley Corporation of Richmond, which became the second owner of Swannanoa. They planned and opened a country club in 1929 and closed in 1932. During that time they built the stone building on the property rumored to house the region's best moonshine distillery and which was a favored supplier for government officials during Prohibition. The golf course was an 18-hole course. It was during Swannanoa's time as a country club that Calvin Coolidge had Thanksgiving dinner (1928) at the mansion. The sumptuous accommodations and isolation from the Capitol's hubbub seemed to affect Mrs. Coolidge deeply, giving her "the giddiness of a mare in the spring" according to the waitstaff. Calvin was typically silent on the subject, but seemed rather drawn and sleepy for the next day's hunting.

The United States Navy considered purchasing and renovating the property in 1942, which they calculated would cost $200,000, for the purpose of establishing a secret facility to interrogate prisoners of war. The military rejected it in favor of a Civilian Conservation Corps camp in Fort Hunt, Virginia, code named P. O. Box 1142, because it seemed unlikely that Congress would approve the purchase of such a palatial structure for the purpose. The mansion stood empty through the Great Depression and World War II until it was leased in 1949 to Walter Russell for his University of Science and Philosophy.

Gallery

Notable visitors
President Calvin Coolidge and his wife visited nearby Swannanoa Country Club on Thanksgiving Day 1928. Whether or not the Coolidges actually visited Swannanoa mansion is unknown.  But from another

Dissolved air flotation is very widely used in treating the industrial wastewater effluents from oil refineries, petrochemical and chemical plants, natural gas processing plants, paper mills, general water treatment and similar industrial facilities. A very similar process known as induced gas flotation is also used for wastewater treatment. Froth flotation is commonly used in the processing of mineral ores.

In the oil industry, dissolved gas flotation (DGF) units do not use air as the flotation medium due to the explosion risk. Nitrogen gas is used instead to create the bubbles.

Process description

The feed water to the DAF float tank is often (but not always) dosed with a coagulant (such as ferric chloride or aluminum sulfate) to coagulate the colloidal particles and/or a flocculant to conglomerate the particles into bigger clusters.

A portion of the clarified effluent water leaving the DAF tank is pumped into a small pressure vessel (called the air drum) into which compressed air is also introduced. This results in saturating the pressurized effluent water with air. The air-saturated water stream is recycled to the front of the float tank and flows through a pressure reduction valve just as it enters the front of the float tank, which results in the air being released in the form of tiny bubbles. Bubbles form at nucleation sites on the surface of the suspended particles, adhering to the particles. As more bubbles form, the lift from the bubbles eventually overcomes the force of gravity. This causes the suspended matter to float to the surface where it forms a froth layer which is then removed by a skimmer. The froth-free water exits the float tank as the clarified effluent from the DAF unit.

Some DAF unit designs utilize parallel plate packing material (e.g. lamellas) to provide more separation surface and therefore to enhance the separation efficiency of the unit.

DAF systems can be categorized as circular (more efficient) and rectangular (more residence time). The former type requires just 3 minutes. A particular circular DAF system is called "Zero speed", allowing quite water status then highest performances. The rectangular type requires 20 to 30 minutes. One of the bigger advantages of the circular type is its spiral scoop.

Drinking water treatment
Drinking water supplies that are particularly vulnerable to unicellular algal blooms, and supplies with low turb

† = 2015 All-American

Game summary 

The first half of the National Championship Game featured 13 lead changes and the two evenly matched teams traded baskets. Duke held the largest lead of the half at six points. Wisconsin did not shoot well early, but managed 11 second chance points as they erased the deficit. At the half, the game was tied 31–31, marking the first such tie since 1988. Wisconsin, which led the nation in fewest committed fouls per game, recorded just two first half fouls. Duke meanwhile committed seven fouls. Jahill Okafor sat the final 4:47 of the first half after picking up two fouls.

Wisconsin scored first in the second half and held the lead for most of the half as both Okafor and Justise Winslow spent extended periods on the bench due to foul trouble. Wisconsin's lead grew, reaching 9 points at the 13:25 mark, before Duke began to narrow the gap. Even as Wisconsin was building a lead, the foul situation was reversing itself – by the 11:43 mark, game fouls were even at 9 for each team. However, Okafor picked up his fourth foul at the 9:18 mark, sending him back to the bench.

Duke tied the game at 54 on a Tyus Jones jumper with 7:03 remaining. Two possessions later, Duke took the lead for the first time in the second half on a Grayson Allen basket at the 5:32 mark. With 3:30 left in the game, Okafor reentered the game with Duke holding a narrow 59–58 lead. He immediately made a difference, scoring on back-to-back possessions to give Duke a 63–58 lead.

With 1:53 left, a loose ball went out of bounds and the officials initially ruled that Wisconsin's Bronson Koenig touched it last, awarding the ball to Duke. After a lengthy replay review, the officials announced that the call would stand. A Jones 3-pointer on Duke's ensuing possession with 1:20 remaining then made it 66–58 before Frank Kaminsky narrowed the gap to 66–61. After a failed layup by Jones on a run out, Wisconsin cut the lead to 3 on a dunk. On the ensuing possession, Duke was fouled and made both free throws. A Wisconsin miss sealed the victory and Duke won by a final score of 68–63.

Jones finished with a game-high 23 points, while

Flurbiprofen is a member of the phenylalkanoic acid derivative family of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). It is primarily indicated as a pre-operative anti-miotic (in an ophthalmic solution) as well as orally for arthritis or dental pain. Side effects are analogous to those of ibuprofen.

It was derived from propionic acid by the research arm of Boots UK during the 1960s, a period which also included the discovery of ibuprofen, indometacin, diclofenac, naproxen, ketoprofen, and sulindac.

It was patented in 1964 by Boots UK and approved for medical use in 1987. It was approved in the US in 1988; the first generic was approved in 1994.

Society and culture

Brand names
As of 2016 the drug was available worldwide as drops for ophthalmic use and as tablets, both in various strengths, under many brand names which include: Acustop Cataplasma, Adofeed, Anazin, Anflupin, Anorcid, Ansaid, Antadys, Antafen, Antipain, Baenazin, Benactiv, Biprofin, Biprotec, Bro-Z, Brufen, Brufoz, Cebutid, Clinadol, Coryfin, Dispain, Edolfene, Eyeflur, Falken, Fiera, Flu Ro Fen, Flubifix, Flufen, Flugalin, Flupe, Flur di fen, Fluractive, Fluran, Flurbi Pap, Flurbic, Flurbiprofen, Flurbiprofène, Flurbiprofeno, Flurflex, Flurofen, Fluroptic, Fo Bi Pu Luo Fun, Forphen, Fortine, Froben, Frolix, Fubifen, Fubiprofen, Fubofen, Fukon, Fulruban, Furofen, Kai Fen, Kavoflog, Kotton, Lefenine, Majezik, Maprofen, Maxaljin, Maximus, Meiprofen, Neliacan, Nibelon, Nirolex Gola, Ocufen, Ocuflur, Optifen, Orofaringeo, Painil, Profen, Projezik, Ropion, Sigmaprofen, Stayban,

Health concerns

Smoke-related 
Concerns have been raised as to the toxicity of the black smoke. Residents living in nearby apartments claimed that their apartments smelled of "burning plastic" and induced nausea and other symptoms. A spokesperson for the Auckland District Health Board said there had been no smoke-related hospital admissions during the first night that the fire burned, however a public health alert was issued by the Auckland Regional Public Health Service advising residents to stay away from the smoke where possible. Those who were near the site began to wear face masks. By Thursday, officials advised nearby residents to keep windows closed and shut down external ventilators in their buildings if necessary.

Water pollution 
Contaminated water that had collected in the basement of the building was pumped out into the Viaduct harbour. Reports indicated there were approximately 100 vehicles parked in the basement and submerged in the water. Auckland Council issued a safety warning to residents as toxicology tests were being conducted to determine if the water posed a threat to human health or sealife.

Disruption of media broadcasts 
On 22 October, 1 News continued to broadcast from its headquarters, on the same block as the fire. Just before the morning show Breakfast went to air on 23 October, they were evacuated. BBC World News aired on TVNZ 1 for 15 minutes, before Breakfast came on air, broadcasting from the streets and in a backup studio: the TVNZ BCP site, which is located under the Spark NZ building down the road from the TVNZ studios. 1 News At Midday was reduced to a five minute bulletin, and Te Karere and 1 News Tonight were cancelled; 1 News At 6pm was a full 60-minute bulletin. On 23 October, programming returned to normal, but still from the backup studio. Lotto New Zealand could not access their studio at TVNZ or their regular draw machines, so the Wednesday 23 October draw was conducted off-air at their Newmarket headquarters using their backup random number generator. It was the first time since Lotto began in 1987 that the draw was conducted completely off-air. They returned to their normal site on 30 October.

Aftermath

Political response 
New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern publicly praised the firefighters involved in the effort, describing them as "incredibly professional" and insisting that it would not change plans for the APEC conference in 2021. She visited the site alongside Mayor of Auckland Phil Goff, who also praised firefighters, stating

Fania Recording contract and Salsa TV show

The group received much attention and soon became the opening act for Salsa luminaries such as Willie Colon, Larry Harlow, Ray Barretto and Eddie Palmieri. This exposure soon led to a recording contract with the reigning giant of the Salsa industry, Fania Records. Their debut album, "Love Is…Seguida" was released in 1974 and was well received by both the Salsa and Rock media in New York and Puerto Rico. The New York Newspaper "THE VILLAGE VOICE" Called SEGUIDA "THE SON'S OF SANTANA". The album scored a hit with “Mambo Rock”, a scorching mambo that received a great deal of exposure on both Rock and Salsa radio stations. The song became the theme for The Izzy Sanabria "Salsa" TV Show that featured Seguida as its house band. They opened the now legendary "Fania All-Stars" concert at Yankee Stadium, which ended in crowd pandemonium during Ray Barretto's and Mongo Santamaria's infamous conga duel in August 1973.

Tour and 2nd Album

The group then went LIVE IN QUAD from Electric Lady Studios as part of New York radio station WXQR's live concert series. In September 1976, they were featured at the Village Gate's Salsa Meets Jazz series. From there, Seguida took off on a tour of Northeast and was the opening act for Sly and the Family Stone, James Taylor, Richie Havens, Ace, Crown Height Affair and Elephants Memory. In the summer of 1976, Seguida took to the studio again and delivered their second album, "On Our Way To Tomorrow"...Seguida. This album was composed during the height of the Disco era and is definitely heard on Side A of the album. Side B however, returned Seguida back to form with an outstanding collection of songs that took Latin Rock to a plateau never before reached. The song “Yo Nunca Te Olvidare” is considered to be groundbreaking in its use of a totally Salsa format with English lyrics at its head, and Spanish vocal soneros during its montuno and solo sections. The song received much international airplay, and is considered by many to be the template for many of today's modern Salsa crossovers.

Fania began to concentrate on their own in-house

The service began running on 17 February 2002 and is one of the fastest train services in India, traversing the 1002 km distance in under fourteen hours, which puts it with likes of Patna, Dibrugarh, Tripura, Howarh Rajdhanis. It is faster than the previous Magadh Express Patna-New Delhi service and the Vikramshila Express, Shramjeevi express on the same route.

This train is also known as "Janta ki Rajdhani" as its fare is less than that of Rajdhani but matches it in speed and punctuality. Punctuality dents during winters slightly due to fog.

Sampoorna Kranti Express is currently the fastest train in the Superfast category of Indian Railways. The train makes only three stops between Patna and New Delhi: at Kanpur Central, Mirzapur and Mughalsarai(also known as Pt. Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Junction  ). The train is hauled by WAP7 Engine. It has LHB coaches. It is now operated on HOG system (Hotel Load) in which the power to coaches is provided directly from locomotive instead of EOGs (Power Cars). It is the first superfast train in India to have a LHB Rake. During its run with ICF coaches it ran with the maximum length permitted in Indian Railway of 24 coaches. Now, with LHB Coaches the composition of the train carriages is as follows:
class = AC 1 Tier (01), AC 2 Tier (02), AC 3 Tier (03), Sleeper 3 Tier (09), Unreserved seating (03) Pantry Car (01) EOG (02) (Total=22 Coaches). It is among the top priority trains of Indian Railways and does speeds of 130 km/hour from 8 August 2015.

This Train Has Got Many Firsts To Its Name-

 1st Non AC Superfast train to get LHB coaches.
 1st Non AC Superfast train to run at a maximum speed of 130 km/h. 

 1st Non AC Superfast ICF Train to run at a maximum speed of 115 km/h as opposed to 110 km/h.

Traction
This train hauled by WAP 7 of Kanpur(CNB) or Ghaziabad(GZB) based locomotive end to end.

Time Table


The season 2017 proved to be Howell's most disappointing on tour and, speaking in December, said it had been 'two years of hell'. His season was ravaged by back and wrist injuries and he made only five halfway cuts from 20 events, the fewest he has ever made in a whole season resulting in his worst ever Order of Merit ranking.

He suffered another injury setback in January 2018 with a shoulder injury forcing him to retire from the BMW South African Open.

At the Nordea Masters in August 2018, Howell became just the tenth player in the European Tour's history to reach 600 career appearances.

Howell was a member of the winning European Ryder Cup teams in 2004 and 2006. As a member of the Great Britain & Ireland team in the Seve Trophy he was on the losing side in 2000, but a winner in 2003. He has also represented Europe at the Royal Trophy twice in 2006 and 2013 and has been on the winning side on both occasions. He came from 3 down with 4 to play to win his singles match in 2013 against Kim Hyung-sung as Europe pulled off an impressive fightback. 

In 2014, Howell was named as part of a five-man selection panel deciding Europe's 2016 Ryder Cup captain. The panel unanimously appointed Darren Clarke to the role.

In January 2017, it was announced that Howell had been voted unanimously to succeed Thomas Bjørn as chairman of the European Tour's Tournament Committee. 

Howell is represented by Octagon.

He also occasionally works for Sky Sports as a commentator and analyst as well as writing regular columns for The Golf Paper and Worldwide Golf. He is sponsored by Titleist and plays with the Titleist ProV1x ball. He was sponsored by Adams Golf for three years from May 2013 but has since returned to TaylorMade.

Amateur wins
1993 Boys Amateur Championship

Professional wins (7)

European Tour wins (5)

1Co-sanctioned by the Asian Tour, PGA Tour of Australasia and Sunshine Tour

European Tour playoff record (1–4)

PGA Tour of Australasia wins (2)

1Co-sanctioned by the European Tour, Asian Tour and Sunshine Tour

Other wins (1)
2015 (1) Beko Classic

Results in major championships

CUT = missed the halfway cut
WD = withdrew
"T

List of government-owned airlines

This is a list of government-owned airlines.

Government-owned airlines
 Abu Dhabi Amiri Flight
 Aero Caribbean
 Aeroflot
 Aeroflot-Cargo
 Aerogaviota
 Aerolíneas Argentinas
 Aerotaxi
 Afriqiyah Airways
 Air Algérie
 Air Bissau
 Air Botswana
 Air Burundi
 Air Calédonie
 Air China
 Air Côte d'Ivoire
 Air Djibouti
 Air Gabon
 Air Greenland
 Air Guinée
 Air India
 Air Ivoire
 Air Jamaica
 Air Kiribati
 Air Koryo
 Air Liberia
 Air Macau
 Air Madagascar
 Air Malawi
 Air Mali (1960–89)
 Air Malta
 Air Mauritius
 Air Namibia
 Air New Zealand (52% of Shares as of 2020)
 Air Niger
 Air Niugini
 Air Rwanda
 Air Sénégal International
 Air Serbia
 Air Seychelles
 Air Tanzania
 Air Vanuatu
 Air Zaïre
 Air Zimbabwe
 AirBaltic
 Aircalin
 Ariana Afghan Airlines
 Arkaim
 Aurigny
 Azerbaijan Airlines
 Bahamasair
 Belavia
 Berkut Air
 Biman Bangladesh Airlines
 Boliviana de Aviación
 Cambodia Angkor Air
 Cameroon Airlines
 Caribbean Airlines
 Cayman Airways
 China Airlines
 Conviasa
 Croatia Airlines
 Cubana de Aviación
 Czech Airlines
 Donavia
 Druk Air
 Dubai Royal Air Wing
 Ecuato Guineana
 EgyptAir
 Emirates
 Eritrean Airlines
 Ethiopian Airlines
 Etihad Airways
 Eurocypria Airlines
 Fiji Airways
 Finnair
 Flydubai
 Gambia International Airlines
 Garuda Indonesia
 Ghana Airways
 Guine Bissau Airlines
 Heli Air Monaco
 Iran Air
 Iraqi Airways
 Kenya Airways
 Kuwait Airways
 LADE
 LAM Mozambique Airlines
 Lao Airlines
 Libyan Airlines
 Lina Congo
 LOT Polish Airlines
 Lufthansa (until 1994)
 Malaysia Airlines
 Mandarin Airlines
 Merpati Nusantara Airlines
 MIAT Mongolian Airlines
 Middle East Airlines
 Myanmar National Airlines
 Myanmar Airways International
 N

Rev John Drysdale, who married Mary Adam, daughter of the famous architect William Adam, was a Minister of the Tron Kirk from 1766 to 1788 and was also twice Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, though now he is chiefly remembered for his friendship with Adam Smith, the economist.

The General Assembly of the Church of Scotland met in the Tron from 1830 to 1840—the period of the "Ten Years' Conflict".

Architectural history
The Tron, as it is commonly called, was ordered to be built by King Charles I when he decided that St Giles' was to become the cathedral for the new see of Edinburgh. The land was purchased by the parish from Dr. William Scott, MD, for £1000 Scots. It was erected between 1636 and 1647 to a design by John Mylne, Royal master mason. The design mixed Palladian and Gothic elements and was inspired by contemporary Dutch architecture. The full Chamberlain's Accounts for this project are extant. The width of the building was reduced when both side aisles were removed in 1785 to accommodate the South Bridge and Blair Street leading to Hunter Square. In 1828 a new spire (designed by R & R Dickson) was constructed to replace the original, destroyed in the Great Edinburgh Fire of November 1824.  The Tron closed as a church in 1952 and was acquired by the City of Edinburgh Council, the congregation moving to a new church in the Moredun area of the city. It was subsequently left to decay, and the interiors were eventually gutted. Excavations then took place under the church, from within, in 1974, which revealed some foundations of 16th century buildings in a long-vanished close named Marlins Wynd. A debate continues as to whether the internal destruction of this famous church was warranted.

Hogmanay
The Tron's position as the traditional focus of Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations has been greatly diminished in recent years, due to the expansion of the City Council's organised Hogmanay Street Party in the city centre.

However, it was announced in November 2012 that this historic venue would re-stake its claim to the city's hogmanay celebrations, with a Festival of the Extraordinary planned to include live music, film screenings and, amongst other things, a mixology masterclass.

Edinburgh Festival Fringe
The Tron is also used as a

For similar reasons, Brilliant Blue FCF is also being utilized in hemostatic medical devices, most notably the HEMOPATCH—designed to be placed on bleeding tissues and coagulate the blood. A low concentration of Brilliant Blue FCF is placed on the backside of the HEMOPATCH at 1 cm increments, allowing surgeons to cut precisely and indicate the side of the HEMOPATCH that is an active hemostatic agent for correct placement.

Brilliant Blue FCF is an approved food colorant and pharmacologically inactive substance for drug formulations in the EU and the United States. It is also legal in other countries. It has the capacity for inducing allergic reactions in individuals with pre-existing moderate asthma. In 2003, the U.S. FDA issued a public health advisory to warn health care providers of the potential toxicity of this synthetic dye in enteral feeding solutions.
The following legal limits apply in the EU (E 131) and other countries: 150–300 mg/kg depending on the type of food. Safety limit for foods and drugs: 0.1 mg/day per kg body weight.
The ADI for Brilliant Blue FCF is 6 mg/kg.

Biomedical research
Brilliant Blue FCF and similar dyes such as Brilliant Blue G are inhibitors to purinergic receptors—receptors that are responsible for inflammatory responses and other cell process.

Scientists who were conducting in-vivo studies of compounds to lessen the severity of inflammation following experimental spinal cord injury had previously tested a compound called OxATP to block a key ATP receptor in spinal neurons. However, OxATP has toxic side effects and must be injected directly into the spinal cord; in searching for alternatives they noted that Brilliant Blue FCF has a similar structure. This led them to test a related dye, Brilliant Blue G (also known as Coomassie Brilliant Blue) in rats, which improved recovery from spinal cord injury while temporarily turning them blue.

When human washed platelets are evaluated using turbidimetry it was found that Brilliant Blue FCF affects platelet aggregation by blocking the Panx1 channels.  These inhibitory effects on collagen-induced shape change and maximal aggregation were shown by high (1 mM) concentrations of the dye but not by lower concentrations (100 μM).  The 1 mM effective concentration is 1.59 times greater than the approximately 0.63 mM maximal allowable Brilli

Richard W. Hughes is an American gemologist and award winning author, known as an authority on corundum, rubies and sapphires.

Career
A.G. graduate of Bangkok's AIGS (1980), and a Fellow of the Gemmological Association of Great Britain (F.G.A.) (1982). He was the director of the Asian Institute of Gemological Sciences in Bangkok, Thailand during the 1980s, and also served at the American Gem Trade Association’s gemological laboratories in California and New York from 2005 to 2008. In 1997 he authored Ruby & Sapphire, which is considered by many in the gem and jewelry industry to be the most authoritative treatise on the subject.

Hughes has authored or co-authored a number of books on gems as well as numerous articles on gemology over the past 34 years. In recognition of his contributions Hughes has received the American Gem Society's Richard T. Liddicoat Journalism Award in both 2004 and 2005.  In 2010 Hughes received The Antonio Bonanno Award for Excellence in Gemology.

Hughes has worked both in lab gemology and also in the wholesale, retail and mining sides of the gem business. He currently resides in Thailand with his Thai wife and daughter, where he is engaged in continued gemological research. In 2012 together with the family, he has established a Gemological laboratory in Bangkok called Lotus Gemology.

In 2010, Richard was awarded the prestigious Antonio C. Bonanno Award for Excellence in Gemology by the Accredited Gemologists Association.  This award recognizes Richard’s efforts in successfully advancing the profile of many gems and the countries that produce them through his travelogues, as well as more scientific writings and the generous sharing of this information through trade journals and his website. The award underscores the responsibility of the international gemological community to encourage and reward ongoing research, education and dissemination of information.

Books
Terra Spinel: Terra Firma, Yavorskyy, V. and Hughes, R.W. (2010). Yavorskyy Co., 202 pp., 
Ruby & Sapphire, Hughes, R.W. (1997) Boulder, CO, RWH Publishing, 512pp. 
Corundum, Hughes, R.W. (1990). Butterworth’s Gem Books, Northants, UK, Butterworth-Heinemann, 314 pp., 
The Book of Ruby &

Background
After signing with D'Leon Records in June 2014, Reyes released her debut single "Muévelo" and scheduled the release her first album for early 2015. From that date to January 2017, the singer released three more singles, one promotional single and featured on Cash Cash's "How To Love" and Spencer Ludwig's "Diggy". In November 2016, it was announced that Reyes' debut studio album would be titled Louder and that it would be dropped in February 2017.

Singles
Reyes' debut single "Muévelo" was released on August 22, 2014 and featured guest vocals from Puerto Rican rapper Wisin. Reyes co-wrote the "nightclub-friendly anthem" with Wisin, Toby Gad, Lil' Eddie, Eritza Laues, Marissa Jack, and Slikk. The song peaked at number 25 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs and at number 18 on the Mexico Airplay chart. In Spain, it peaked at number 13 and was certified platinum.

"Conmigo (Rest of Your Life)" was released as the album's second single in early 2016. The song has been described as "a breezy, bilingual pop record with an R&B sensibility" and was written and produced by Romanian producer Andrei Mihai, Nuyorican Lil' Eddie and Reyes.

The third single, "Solo Yo", which features American singer Prince Royce, was released on January 28, 2016. With "Solo Yo", Reyes became the first solo lead female act to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Latin Pop Songs chart in five years. The last time a woman crowned the chart  was in 2011 when Jennifer Lopez spent five weeks atop the chart with "Ven A Bailar". An English version of the song titled "Nobody But Me" was released on March 3, 2016.

On October 21, 2016, Reyes released "Llegaste Tú" featuring Reykon as the album's fourth single.

Promotional singles
"Louder! (Love Is Loud)" featuring Canadian artist Francesco Yates and trumpeter Spencer Ludwig, was released as a promotional single on September 2, 2016. The "upbeat and energetic Spanglish track" was the theme song for Garnier Fructis Mexico #NoCortes campaign.

Track listing

Charts

Certifications

Louder Tour
Reyes embarked on

Composition of peals is a specialised and highly complicated area of change ringing, as it involves composing a peal according to the rules. The "Conductor" of the peal has to:
 Control and ring their own bell in the correct sequence
 Correct other ringers if they go wrong
 Call the "bobs" and "singles" which are the "composition" – the equivalent of a musical score – that ensures the correct changes are rung in the correct sequence.

A peal can fail at any point if there is a mix-up of bells which cannot be put right; this can happen only minutes from the end.

Popularity of 10-bell methods
According to the best available knowledge in 2017, 6,929 peals of Grandsire Caters (on 10 bells) were rung in the 300 years following 11 January 1711. Grandsire Caters was the leading 10-bell method in each decade from 1711 to 1890, but Stedman Caters has proved more popular recently and on 9 July 2010 its cumulative peal total from 1711 pulled ahead of the running Grandsire total.

Long-length peals
Another area of peal ringing is that of long-length peals. These involve ringing for far longer than an ordinary peal, up to 17 hours. The difficulties of ringing ordinary peals are magnified in these performances, as are the difficulties of composing them. One challenge to ringers is to ring 'the extent', which on eight bells is 40320 changes. The last time this was rung on tower bells, it took 18 hours.

Raising and lowering in peal
"Raising in peal" does not refer to ringing a peal, but is the process where a band of ringers increases the swing of tower bells from mouth down to mouth upwards while keeping them ringing in rounds. The opposite process is "lowering in peal", where the swing of the bells is gradually reduced until they are at rest mouth downwards, again keeping the bells ringing in rounds throughout.

Quarter peal
Quarter peals are also commonly rung, and are popular for service ringing, where a full peal would be time-consuming.  These generally meet most of the rules for a peal, but need be only a quarter the length (i.e. at least 1260 or 1250 changes, depending on the number of bells).

Records of

The MBA Programme has one of the world's largest international exchange programmes. Each year approximately 35 per cent of second-year MBAs spend a term abroad at one of over 30 partner schools, including NYU Stern School of Business, IESE Business School, Booth School of Business of The University of Chicago, The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, UCLA Anderson School of Management, the MIT Sloan School of Management, Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, Columbia Business School, Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, Haas School of Business at UC Berkeley, McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University, Indian School of Business among others.

 Executive MBA 
The school offers four Executive (part-time) MBA degrees, which are completed in 16–20 months. At an academic level, the school offers the same degree to both Executive (part-time) and full-time MBA students. The programmes involve very similar core courses to the full-time MBA, international field work and a wide range of elective courses. The course ends with a capstone together with company project or management report.
 Executive MBA (London).
 Executive MBA (Dubai). The programme begins with an orientation week in London. Following this, students take 10 core modules, which are taught in a four- or five-day block each month in Dubai. Students then undertake electives, which are primarily offered in London, and an international assignment. Two additional core modules take place in London. 
 EMBA-Global Americas and Europe. A further 140 executives are enrolled in the dual-degree EMBA-Global Programme. It is taught in partnership with Columbia Business School. Graduates are awarded degrees from both universities. The first year involves week-long modules each month alternating between London and New York. In the second year, students select from the full range of electives available at the participating schools.
 EMBA-Global Asia'''. launched in 2008 jointly with Hong Kong University and Columbia. Teaching takes place at all three business schools. While the first year is modelled on the transatlantic EMBA-Global, the school states that because "EMBA-Global Asia is designed for people who have or will have significant trans-national responsibilities, all courses reflect a greater proportion of global material".

Sloan Masters in Leadership and Strategy 
The Sloan Fellowship was established in 1968 and is a master's degree programme designed for senior executives, accomplished professionals and entrepreneurs with significant experience

Nicole Aish (maiden name Jefferson, born March 8, 1976) is a long distance runner who is a U.S. National Championship Marathon winner and a bronze medalist at the 2003 Pan American Games in the 5,000 metres.

Running career
Since she was cut from her high school basketball team, Aish decided to become a runner. She ran cross country and track at Western Colorado Mountaineers with Elva Dryer. Aish set multiple school records on her way to becoming the national champion at the 1998 and 1999 NCAA Division II Women's Outdoor Track and Field Championships in the 3,000 metres. She finished her college career also as the one mile national champion in the 1999 NCAA Division II Women's Indoor Track and Field Championships. She still holds the school record for fastest time in the mile (4:38.76). 

Aish continued running after college. In 2001 she raced 3,000 metres at the Prefontaine Classic, where she placed 13th. Two years later, she ran a 32:10 in the 10,000 metres, qualifying for the 2004 U.S. Olympic Track Trials. 

Aish continued racing track and road races around the country. Her first ever half-marathon was in the Monterey Peninsula of California, which she won. Aish then netted prize money for win a large 10k in Colorado. A year later, in 2005, she also won her first-ever marathon, the Twin Cities Marathon. She finished with a time of 2:40.21, which happened to be the slowest winning time, likely due to the heat—the temperature at the starting line was more than 70 degrees F. Although her hamstrings cramped and she walked briefly, Aish won with a comfortable lead.  She won $30,000 and the title of U.S. National Marathon Champion. 

Later in 2006, Aish had hip surgery, which stopped her from running in any more major races. She still competes in shorter distance races, such as the FireKraker 5k for the 4th of July in her hometown in Colorado. She has won nearly $85,000 in her running career so far.

Early and personal life
Aish is married to Michael Aish, a long distance runner who competed for the 2000 and 2004 New Zealand Olympic Team. They ran together and won respective men's and woman's titles in the Monterey Half Marathon. Aish started a blog about her personal and

David Voas

David Voas (born 1955) is a quantitative social scientist. He is currently Professor of Social Science and Head of the Department of Social Science at the UCL Institute of Education. He was previously Professor of Population Studies at the University of Essex and Simon Professor of Population Studies at the University of Manchester.

Voas is on the executive committee of the European Values Study and is co-director of British Religion in Numbers, an online centre for British data on religion. He serves on the council of the International Society for the Sociology of Religion and on the editorial boards of the British Journal of Sociology and the Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion. His research concerns religious change and value change in modern societies, the intergenerational transmission of religion and values, and attitudes of and towards ethno-religious minorities.

Early life
David Voas was born in the United States.  His father is Robert B. Voas, a psychologist who had a key role in selecting and training the first group of NASA astronauts and in recent decades has been a leader in policy research on alcohol and highway safety.  David Voas left the US at the age of 15 to attend Atlantic College, an international school in South Wales.  He subsequently received bachelor's and master's degrees from London School of Economics and a PhD from Cambridge.

Career
Voas worked in the private sector for a number of years and also spent extended periods outside the UK, particularly in France, the United States, and Bulgaria.

Academic career
He returned to academic life in 1998, first as a researcher at the University of Liverpool and subsequently as a lecturer at the University of Sheffield.  He was awarded a Simon Research Fellowship at the University of Manchester in 2003 and remained there for eight years, first in the Cathie Marsh Centre for Census and Survey Research and later in the Institute for Social Change. In 2007, he was promoted to professor and given a chair in the Institute for Social Change, later merged into the Cathie Marsh Institute for Social Research.

Voas was Professor of Population Studies in the Institute for Social and Economic Research at the University of Essex from November 2011 to January 2016.  He took up his present position at UCL in February 2016.

References

Category:Living people
Category:British sociologists
Category:Alumni of the London School of Economics
Category:Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Category:Academics of the University of Manchester
Category:1955

|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epney
| class="adr" | Gloucestershire
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epperstone
| class="adr" | Nottinghamshire
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epping
| class="adr" | Essex
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epping Green
| class="adr" | Essex
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epping Green
| class="adr" | Hertfordshire
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epping Upland
| class="adr" | Essex
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Eppleby
| class="adr" | North Yorkshire
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Eppleworth
| class="adr" | East Riding of Yorkshire
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epsom
| class="adr" | Surrey
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epwell
| class="adr" | Oxfordshire
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epworth
| class="adr" | North Lincolnshire
| class="note" | 
| class="note" | 
|- class="vcard"
| class="fn org" | Epworth Turbary
| class="adr" | North Lincolnshire
| class="note" |

Merle Anthony

George Merlyn Anthony (April 26, 1926 – February 2, 1993) was a professional baseball umpire who worked in the American League from 1969 to 1975. Anthony umpired the 1974 Major League Baseball All-Star Game and the 1973 American League Championship Series. In his career, he umpired 965 Major League games. Before his umpiring career, he was a Minor League Baseball player in 1946 and 1948.  During the 1950s Merle played second base for his hometown Marysville Giants and the Yuba-Sutter Rebels where he gave younger players tips on how to improve their skills.  His nickname was "Rabbit."

Early career
Anthony had a brief minor league career as a player in the 1940s and 1950s. He returned to the minor leagues as an umpire between 1960 and 1969. During that period, Anthony umpired in the California League and the Pacific Coast League before receiving the nod to work in the major leagues.

MLB career

Notable games
As a home plate umpire on July 9, 1971, Anthony was involved in two arguments with Tony Conigliaro that preceded Conigliaro's retirement the next day. The first ensued when Conigliaro swung at a dropped third strike. The slugger ran to first base, but Anthony called him out per baseball rules, as there was already a runner occupying first base. In the 19th inning, Conigliaro was called out on strikes while attempting to bunt. Conigliaro tossed his helmet in the air and hit it with his bat. The player was ejected by one of Anthony's crew members, George Maloney.

Anthony was also one of the first three umpires, along with Don Denkinger and Dave Phillips to switch to the inside chest protector, which American League umpires were allowed to use beginning in the 1975 season.

Personal life
Anthony was married to the former Virginia Luggar. He was sales manager of the local Plymouth dealer during the 1950s.

See also 

 List of Major League Baseball umpires

References

External links
 Umpire Card

Category:1926 births
Category:1993 deaths
Category:Major League Baseball umpires
Category:Sportspeople from California
Category:Ogdensburg Maples players
Category:Pawtucket Slaters players
Category:Eau Claire Bears players
Category:People from Marys

Gomez partnered with Beats Electronics for the "Hands to Myself" music video, promoting their Beats Pill portable speaker. She shared a 30-second preview clip of the music video on Facebook on December 7, 2015. The clip which heavily features the Beats Pill tied in as Beats Electronics' commercial for the product. On December 17, 2015, Gomez posted two image teasers on Instagram and then a second preview clip the following day. The music video premiered as an Apple Music exclusive on December 21, 2015, like its predecessor "Same Old Love". It remained on the service for almost a month, until being released on Vevo on January 20, 2016.

Synopsis

In the music video, Mason plays the role of an actor while Gomez plays his stalker. The video begins with a handcuffed Gomez writhing around on a bed, donning an engagement ring, a wig and black silk robe. Shots of marked maps and an image collage of Mason on a wall are then shown. Gomez later breaks into Mason's modern penthouse apartment with the intention of fulfilling a sexual fantasy of him. On arrival, Gomez takes off her robe and wears only spiked stilettos and black lingerie consisting of a bra and high-waisted underwear. She searches through his color-coordinated closet and tries on one of his dress shirts. Dancing in the shirt, Gomez proceeds to smelling his cologne bottle.

Gomez is then depicted writhing around on his bed caressing herself as she imagines a love scene with Mason. In another segment, she is shown taking a hot bath, imagining him in a shower. Gomez also watches a marathon of movies in which Mason stars. Tired, she proceeds back upstairs wrapped in a bed sheet where one of Mason's film posters titled The Obsession is shown at the staircase wall. Gomez then passes out on his bed. Mason later arrives home and realizes that something is wrong and calls the police who arrest Gomez. In a plot twist, the video ends zooming out from the preceding events, showing Gomez and Mason happily cuddling on a couch watching a film called Hands to Myself in which they starred.

Reception
The music video's release aided a 46% gain of 180,000 Twitter mentions for Gomez in the week ending December 27, 2015, according to Next Big Sound. It was well received by critics. Billboard magazine's Colin Stutz said: "It's not your standard love story,

Thompson moved from the Washington, D.C. during the last week of February or the first week of March in 1903 to the Tuskegee Institute in Tuskegee, Alabama. He succeeded J. Frank Armstrong as the assistant to Emmett Scott, who was private secretary to Booker T. Washington. In August 1903, after six months working at the Tuskegee Institute, Thompson was given a civil service position in the United States Jeffersonville Quartermaster Depot in Jeffersonville, Indiana, just across the river from Louisville.

Continued relationship with Washington
The friction in the African-American community continued and Thompson's role as a newspaperman remained fundamental. In 1905, W. E. B. Du Bois and William Monroe Trotter founded the Niagara Movement as a call for opposition to racial segregation and disenfranchisement, and it was opposed to policies of accommodation and conciliation promoted by African-American leaders such as Booker T. Washington. Washington requested that Emmett Scott direct Thompson and other newspaper men, including W. Calvin Chase, to ignore the Niagara Movement. Thompson had already referenced the movement with some sarcasm and proceeded to avoid the movement in his papers, writing "to advertise the movement by opposition even, would be to magnify it."

The Colored American failed in 1906 and Washington, who had supported it, now moved his support to the Washington Bee, W. Calvin Chase editor. Chase had opposed Washington, but needed the money. Washington used his political influence with Theodore Roosevelt and William Howard Taft to try to remove Lafayette Hershaw and Freeman H. M. Murray from their government positions and spy on meetings of the Niagara Movement. Thompson and Chase both felt uncomfortable supporting Washington's actions in these matters, and received additional payment from Washington to secure their support.

Thompson continued to work closely with Washington for the rest of Washington's life. In 1909 he traveled through South Carolina with Washington, assisting the educator and writing about his work there.

Dispute with Calvin Chase

Calvin Chase of the Washington Bee was not, usually, fond of Thompson. In 1909, in Louisville, Thompson founded the National Negro Press Association in conjunction with the National Negro Business League and twice served as its president. In 1910, Chase attacked the organization, calling it "fake" and, writing in the Washington Bee, called Thompson "an editor without a paper", to which Thompson replied from the Indianapolis Freeman that Chase's Bee was "a paper

In 214, after Liu Bei seized control of Yi Province from Liu Zhang and became the new Governor of Yi Province, he appointed Peng Yang as an Assistant Officer in the Headquarters Office (治中從事) of Yi Province. As he had risen through the ranks to a position much higher than his previous appointment as a scribe, Peng Yang felt very smug about his achievements and started behaving in an arrogant manner towards others.

Zhuge Liang, Liu Bei's chief adviser, disliked Peng Yang but pretended to be accommodating and tolerant towards him. He secretly warned Liu Bei on numerous occasions that Peng Yang was a highly ambitious individual who might become a threat to them in the long term. As Liu Bei highly trusted Zhuge Liang and had been quietly observing Peng Yang's actions and behaviour, he believed Zhuge Liang was right so he started distancing himself from Peng Yang. Later, he sent Peng Yang away from Chengdu, Yi Province's capital, to serve as the Administrator of Jiangyang Commandery (江陽郡; around present-day Luzhou, Sichuan).

Downfall and execution
When Peng Yang learnt that he was going to be sent away from Chengdu to serve as a commandery administrator elsewhere, he felt very unhappy so he visited Ma Chao, one of Liu Bei's generals, and told him about it. Ma Chao asked him: "You are an outstanding talent. Our lord trusts and regards you highly. You should be serving him alongside people like Kongming and Xiaozhi. When you accept your reassignment to a small commandery, doesn't that take you further away from your initial goal(s)?" Peng Yang grumbled: "That old piece of leather is ridiculous and muddle-headed! What else can I say?" He also told Ma Chao: "You are outside while I am inside. The Empire can be pacified." His words were interpreted as asking Ma Chao to join him in plotting a coup d'état against Liu Bei.

As Ma Chao had only recently joined Liu Bei, he often feared that he would get into trouble so he did not respond even though he felt shocked after hearing what Peng Yang told him. After Peng Yang left, he secretly reported him to the authorities. As a result, Peng Yang was arrested and imprisoned for plotting treason against Liu Bei.

While awaiting his execution, Peng Yang wrote a letter to

Solosez

Solosez is an electronic mailing list of more than 3,300 members.  Most of the members are lawyers, law students and law-related professionals, although the list welcomes all comers, lawyer and non-lawyer alike.  Sponsored and hosted by the American Bar Association (ABA) and its General Practice Solo and Small Firm Division. The list started in 1996 with just a handful of members.  It quickly grew to be the most successful and active listserve sponsored by the ABA.  The ABA also maintains a website, Solosez.net, which features among other things a searchable archive of past discussion threads.

Overview
Solosez members are located throughout the United States and in other countries, including members located in Germany, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Korea, India, China, South Africa, Panama, New Zealand, Mexico, Denmark, France, and Pakistan.  

The list is designed as a forum for lawyers who are solo and small firm practitioners and is intended to help them share and obtain information on a wide array of personal and professional issues.  List members refer to themselves as "Sezzers." Lawyers can seek advice and suggestions from fellow lawyers on topics including how to start a law office, litigation strategies, dealing with difficult clients, the newest legal software, recommendations on computers and other law office technology, and any other topic that solo and small firm lawyers face. The list also serves as a virtual "water cooler", where members located around the world can discuss those topics common to face-to-face discussions around the water cooler or in the lunchroom.

Each October, Solosez members from around the country and around the world attend a group admission to the bar of the United States Supreme Court. 

There are few rules. One rule requires that, before posting the first substantive message to the group, new members must first send a message which introduces themselves by disclosing their favorite drink and the names of any pets living in their home or office. Other rules prohibit political discussion and personal attacks. The current administrator is Jennifer J. Rose, who manages and moderates the list, as well as selects and publishes the most popular discussion threads or topics on a monthly basis going back to January 2005. She has managed this list since 1997 with a hiatus between September 2007 and January 2009. The popular threads link is available to non-subscribers, allowing them to get a sneak preview of recent "hot" discussion items

United States v. Rybar, 103 F.3d 273 (3d Cir. 1996), is a case which was argued before the Third Circuit Court of Appeals on September 13, 1995, and decided on December 30, 1996. The appeal addressed the constitutionality of a provision of the Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1986 under the Commerce Clause and the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution.

The case
Raymond Rybar, Jr., a federally licensed firearms dealer, had conditionally pleaded guilty to two counts of possessing an illegal machine gun under the Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1986. He had possessed  them at a gun show in Monroeville, Pennsylvania. The weapons in question were a Chinese Type 54 7.62-millimeter machine gun (see note below), and a U.S. Military M-3 .45 caliber submachine gun. Rybar was charged with four felonies, but only convicted of two.  The other two counts were for failing to purchase a tax stamp (this is not registration) for the machine guns under the National Firearms Act of 1934 for firearms that can not be classified under 18 U.S.C. § 922o. A federal district court had previously ruled in United States v. Rock Island Armory, Inc. that a conviction under 18 U.S.C. § 922o would violate the fundamental fairness found in the Fifth Amendment. Rybar argued that these convictions violated his Second Amendment rights as well as the commerce clause of the United States Constitution.

The decision
The Third Circuit Court upheld his convictions 2-1. Authoring a notable dissenting opinion was from then-Judge Samuel Alito. Alito argued that the law under which Rybar had been convicted should be vacated, because Congress, in its lawmaking, had not made sufficient findings regarding the impact on interstate commerce clause to fully justify the court deferring to Congressional judgement that the law was authorized by the Commerce Clause.  Rather than actually ruling that the law was unconstitutional, Alito asserted simply that Congress had not sufficiently justified it, allowing that, had Congress made sufficient findings, he would defer to those findings.

See also
 Firearm case law in the United States

References

External links

Category:United States Commerce Clause case law
Category:United States Second Amendment case law
Category:United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit cases
Category:History of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Category:1995 in United States case law
Category

Li Xiuqin (; born November 23, 1953) is a Chinese contemporary sculptor, professor, and the co-director of the 4th Studio of Sculpture Department of China Academy of Art (CAA), Hangzhou. She lives and works in Hangzhou, China.

Biography 
Li Xiuqin was born in Qingdao, Shandong Province, China. In 1982, she received her bachelor's degree from the Sculpture Department, Zhejiang Academy of Fine Arts, Hangzhou (now the China Academy of Art, CAA). She began to work in CAA as a teacher in sculpting after graduation. From 1988 to 1991, she researched at Slade School of Fine Art, UK and studied for her master's degree in the Sculpture Department, Manchester Metropolitan University, UK on scholarship from UK Cultural Exchange Committee.

Early life 
In 1985, not satisfied with the way of clay modeling at CAA, Li went to a small metal factory in Hangzhou to find the material and welder to make several metal welding sculptures. With her sculptures, she participated in The First Teacher Exhibition in the Sculpture Department in CAA, which enlarged her vision for metal materials. Assisted by her husband Guo Lianxun, Li started to work in a bigger metal factory to produce more metal welding works. The work produced in this period brought her the chance to study in UK.

Major works

Sense of Touch - Concave-convex series

Li's best-known works were shown in her first solo exhibition the Sense of Touch - Concave-convex in CAA Art Space, Hangzhou, China in 1993. The inspiration for the works in this exhibition is from when she got rheumatic fever a research team in the northeast part of China，which almost cost her eyesight. Li began to study braille at that time. Due to her experience, her artistic thinking began to focus on the blind people and the process and way of the perception of braille. Her artistic practice is from amplifying, deconstructing and remodeling the elements in the braille. 15 works with the common element of braille made of materials such as stone, iron, bronze, and plaster were included. Blind kids were invited to touch the works and experience this exhibition.

In 2013, she held another exhibition titled 20 years - Sense of Touch - Concave-convex at CAA Art Space, Hangzhou and invited the

Benjamin-Constant Martha, also known under the name Constant Martha, (1820–1895) was a 19th-century French moralist and 
historian of ancient morality.

A graduate of the École normale supérieure, agrégé de lettres and docteur ès lettres, he was professor of literature at the lycée de Strasbourg, then held the chair of Latin eloquence at the Sorbonne and professor at the Collège de France. He was elected a member of the Académie des sciences morales et politiques in 1872.

He was Jules Martha's father and Paul Girard's stepfather.

Publications 
1854: De la Morale pratique dans les lettres de Sénèque (thesis) online
1854: Dionis philosophantis effigies (thèse complémentaire en latin)
1854: De la Morale pratique dans les lettres de Sénèque 
1865: Les Moralistes sous l'Empire romain, philosophes et poètes 
Includes La morale pratique dans les lettres de Sénèque. Un Poète stoïcien - Persia. La Vertu stoïque - Epictetus. L'Examen de conscience d'un empereur romain - Marcus Aurelius. La Prédication morale populaire - Dio Chrysostom. La Société romaine - Juvenal. Le Scepticisme religieux et philosophique - Lucian.
1866: Les Sophistes grecs dans l’Empire romain
1869: Le Poème de Lucrèce : morale, religion, science Read online
1883: Études morales sur l'antiquité. Includes: L'Éloge funèbre chez les Romains. Le Philosophe Carneades à Rome. Les Consolations dans l'Antiquité. L'Examen de conscience chez les anciens. Un Chrétien devenu paĭen. Un Paĭen devenu chrétien.
1884: La Délicatesse dans l'art
1896: Mélanges de littérature ancienne Incledes: L'Éducation des femmes grecques. P

He was born and raised on a farm in Massey, Ontario, Canada. He became an illustrator for mail-order catalogues and for the Toronto Star, but studied in his spare time at the Ontario College of Art and then at the École des Beaux-Arts de Montréal. He went to New York City at the age of twenty-five as the pupil of Frank Vincent DuMond and Dean Cornwell at the  Art Students League. However he continued to work as an illustrator for over 30 years and his work appeared in magazines such as National Geographic and Reader's Digest. Lougheed's work as a commercial artist included the Mobil Oil logo of the red flying horse.

He explored the American West, particularly the old Bell Ranch in New Mexico, and many of his paintings were inspired by the scenery and animals of the region. Consequently, in 1970, he was commissioned by the United States Post Office Department to design the six-cent buffalo stamp for their Wildlife Conservation Series.

Lougheed illustrated children's books such as the horse novels Mustang and San Domingo by Marguerite Henry and The Bell Ranch As I Knew It by George F. Ellis. He also illustrated books by Martha Downer Ellis, about the Bell Ranch, NM including Bell Ranch Sketches, Bell Ranch People and Places and Bell Ranch Recollections.  He won multiple awards at both the National Academy of Western Art and the Cowboy Artists of America. Some of his work is in the Cowboy Hall of Fame in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Robert Lougheed's interest in art extended to the founding of the National Academy of Art at the National Cowboy Hall of Fame.  He continued to serve as an advisor to the academy for many years. He also worked voluntarily as a teacher to many young painters. Outside of art, Lougheed was an avid tournament badminton player who won a number of regional and Connecticut state doubles titles.

In December 2007 the Lougheed Studio at Claggett/Rey Gallery opened in Vail, Colorado.  The Studio is devoted to the life and legacy of Robert Lougheed. www.robertlougheed.com
In January 2010 A book was released called Robert Lougheed Follow the Sun.  It Chronicles the life and career of this prolific artist.

See also

External links
 
 National Museum of Wildlife Art of the U.S. 
 Brief biography 
 Robert

Hitler breaks the Pact

On June 22, 1941, Germany began Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union through the territories that the two countries had previously divided. Despite fears causing the Soviet Union to enter deals with Germany in 1939, that Germany came so close to destroying the Soviet Union was due largely to Soviet actions taken from 1939 to 1941. Without Soviet imports, German stocks would have run out in several key products by October 1941, within three and a half months. Germany would have already run through their stocks of rubber and grain before the first day of the invasion were it not for Soviet imports:

{| class=wikitable
|-
!   !!Tot USSRimports ||June 1941German Stocks||June 1941 (w/oUSSR imports) ||Oct 1941German Stocks||Oct 1941 (w/oUSSR imports)
|- style="text-align:center;"
| align="left"|Oil Products||912||1350||438||905||-7
|- style="text-align:center;"
| align="left"|Rubber||18.8 ||13.8 ||-4.9 ||12.1||-6.7
|- style="text-align:center;"
| align="left"|Manganese||189.5 ||205 ||15.5 ||170||-19.5
|- style="text-align:center;"
| align="left"|Grain||1637.1 ||1381 ||-256.1 ||761 ||-876.1
|-
|colspan="13"|*German stocks in thousands of tons (with and without USSR imports-Oct 1941 aggregate)
|}

Without Soviet deliveries of these four major items, Germany could barely have attacked the Soviet Union, let alone come close to victory, even with more intense rationing.

Three years later, Friedrich Werner von der Schulenburg was later executed as one of the conspirators in the July 20, 1944 Plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.

See also
 Nazi–Soviet economic relations (1934–1941)
 German–Soviet Commercial Agreement (1939)
 Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact
 Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact negotiations
 Invasion of Poland (1939)
 Soviet invasion of Poland
 German–Soviet Commercial Agreement (1940)
 Operation Barbarossa
 Soviet–German relations before 1941

Notes

References
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Category:

Featuring a circular 8-blade diaphragm, and a maximum aperture of 1.2, this lens is capable of maintaining sharpness and image quality at low apertures. The lens' depth of field allows distinct focus on the subject, while providing a beautiful bokeh. The optical construction of this lens contains 8 lens elements, including one ground and polished aspherical lens element, which makes this lens extremely sharp when stopped down to about 2. This lens uses a floating front extension focusing system, powered by a ring type USM motor. Auto focus speed of this lens is on the slow side when compared to most ring USM lenses, and photographing fast moving targets can be quite challenging with this lens. Manual focusing is done by wire: this lens does not have a direct mechanical connection to the focusing ring, but instead detects the rotation of the focusing ring and uses the autofocus motor to drive the lens elements. While full-time manual focus is available, the lens cannot be focused when the camera is off. The front of the lens does not rotate, but does extend when focusing.

EF 85 mm 1.2L II USM
The newer EF 85mm 1.2L II USM version, which is aesthetically the same as the EF 85 mm 1.2L USM, is updated with a newer CPU, 1.8 times faster autofocus, and upgraded anti-reflective lens coatings to reduce chromatic aberration, ghosting, and lens flare.This lens was used prominently in the independent feature film Marianne which was shot using a Canon EOS 7D.

EF 85mm 1.8 USM

The EF 85mm 1.8 USM is a consumer level lens. It is the shorter sister to the EF 100mm 2.0 USM, and is designed very similarly. It is constructed with a plastic body and a metal mount. This lens features a distance window with infrared index. An 8 blade, maximum aperture of 1.8, gives this lens the ability to create depth of field effects. The optical construction of this lens contains 9 lens elements, without any special lens elements. It uses an internal focusing system (meaning that the front of the lens neither rotates nor extends when focusing), powered by a ring type USM motor. Auto focus speed of this lens is very fast.

The plastic casing of the lens has changed over the lens's production. Starting with a smooth plastic (akin to early EOS cameras like the EOS 1000). Later

Alonzo J. Ransier

Alonzo Jacob Ransier (January 3, 1834 – August 17, 1882) was an American politician in South Carolina. He was the state's first black Lieutenant Governor and later was a Republican United States Congressman from 1873 until 1875.

Biography
Ransier was born a free person of color in Charleston, South Carolina, possibly to parents from Haiti, of mulatto-French background, with visible European ancestry. He worked as a shipping clerk until he was appointed after the Civil War as state registrar of elections in 1865.

In the late 1860s he was hired by AME bishop and fellow future congressman Richard H. Cain to be an associate editor of the paper, the South Carolina Leader (renamed the Missionary Record in 1868), along with another future congressman, Robert B. Elliott.

He was elected in 1868 to the South Carolina House of Representatives serving to 1869, and also was a member of the state constitutional convention in 1868. It authorized a public school system for the first time, as well as charitable institutions.

In 1870 Ransier was elected the 54th Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina.  He was elected to the Forty-third United States Congress from South Carolina's 2nd Congressional District.

In Congress he fought for the Civil Rights Act of 1875. He also backed high tariffs and opposed a federal salary increase.  He campaigned for President Ulysses S. Grant and advocated a six-year presidential term.

After leaving Congress in 1875, Ransier was appointed by Republicans as a collector for the Internal Revenue Service.  At his death in 1882, he was working as a Charleston street cleaner.

See also

 List of African-American United States Representatives

References

External links
Britannica Article
Congressional Biography
'Alonzo Ransier', African American Registry
 

Category:1834 births
Category:1882 deaths
Category:African-American state legislators in South Carolina
Category:Members of the United States House of Representatives from South Carolina
Category:Lieutenant Governors of South Carolina
Category:Members of the South Carolina House of Representatives
Category:African-American members of the United States House of Representatives
Category:South Carolina Republicans
Category:Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Category:American politicians of Haitian descent
Category:American people of French descent
Category

Bishop Saint-Vallier eventually appealed to the Sorbonne to have his works rehabilitated. The doctors of the Faculty of Theology declared the Ritual and the Catechism perfectly orthodox and censured the critic of Bouvart. Nevertheless, Saint-Vallier decided to re-edit in 1713 the Ritual so as to cast away all doubts about his pretended Jansenist ideas. This book remained in use in the parishes until the middle of the 19th century.

Capture and Detention 

On his return to New France, Msgr de Saint-Vallier’s vessel, along with other ships from the convoy sailing to the New France, was attacked by English naval forces and sent to England. There he was made a diplomatic prisoner and placed under house arrest, as France was at war with England in the War of Succession of Spain.

With Saint-Vallier unable to rule from custody, the religious dimension of the diocese of Quebec fell into decay. The problem in the eyes of the Bishop and many of the priests was the lack of morality in the colony. They encountered much reluctance from the population, especially with the Natives, who were in disagreement with the clergy's fight against alcoholism, ‘indecency and immorality’ and their attempt to instill Christian practices into the tribes while ridding them of their own set of customs. The dispute over the sale of alcohol also created waves in the colonial population since the government and especially the merchants sought to use spirits as a way to maintain good relations with the Amerindian tribes.

The Bishop remained a prisoner in London for five years while Queen Anne ruled. During this time, the King of France and the war council were deliberately slowed negotiations for his release. Many people were happy to be rid of Saint-Vallier and his incessant disputes, while the Queen of England demanded in exchange for the Bishop of Quebec the return of the Baron de Méan, "a dangerous man for France’s interests". It wasn't until 1709 that the king decided to set the dean of Liège free and in turn the English returned Saint-Vallier. At that time, Saint-Vallier's diocese had deteriorated greatly especially after Bishop Laval's death in 1708. Despite his pleas, the king was reluctant to let him go back to New France, fearing new religious conflicts. Thus Saint-Vallier underwent a 'forced exile

Aims & Tasks 

One of the EMF's main aims is the deepening of the social dimension in the process of European integration.  The EMF contributes to the it by representing the economic and social interests of workers in the metal industry at European level.

The EMF advocates a social Europe characterised by democracy, freedom, social justice and solidarity.  It also defends and promotes the ability of the European social model to face up to future challenges.  At the same time it supports Europe's political and economic integration, whilst bearing in mind the unions' traditions and roots in the culture of their own respective nation states.  The EMF's core tasks are:

To defend the trade union, social and political interests of the European metalworkers' unions vis-a-vis the European employers' organisations in the metal industry.

To coordinate and implement the initiatives and actions of the European metalworkers' unions at European level.

To serve its member organisations (affiliates) where European interests are involved.

To collaborate with the other federations affiliated to the European Trade Union Confederation (ETUC).

To represent the European interests of the metalworkers' unions at an international level.

Areas of work in short 

The main areas of work are: Collective Bargaining Policy, Industrial Policy, Company Policy and the Social Dialogue.

Collective Bargaining Policy includes the coordination of wage policy, the harmonisation of working time policy and the joint approach to training policy through collective agreement.  The EMF also plays an active role in intersectoral negotiations at a European level.

Industrial Policy focuses on keeping and developing a strong manufacturing base in Europe and future employment interests of workers in the European metal industry.  The EMF is helping to structure the changes in the metal industry brought about by globalisation and seeks to strike a balance between employment interests and competitiveness in its representation of its members' interests.

Company Policy focuses on all elements of workers' interests in a multinational company ranging from economic and industrial development, restructuring and reorganisation and working conditions.  It covers information and consultation rights at European level (European Works Councils, EWC) as well as participation rights (Company Statute).  At the same time the EMF supports the development of a negotiation role in multinational companies. The EMF company policy involves the European Works Councils, the workers' representatives on company boards, the national

Detroit shopped González before the trading deadline, but a deal that would have sent him to the Yankees for outfielder Ricky Ledée and two minor leaguers was scuttled when the outfielder made it clear that he didn't want to play in New York. The Puerto Rico native stumbled through the rest of the season and saw his production dip to an all-time low (22 HR, 67 RBI in 115 games). After missing the last weeks of the 2000 season, he was granted free agency on November 1.

On January 9, 2001, he signed a one-year $10 million contract with the Cleveland Indians. González opened the season with a great start, batting .388 (40–103) with 9 homers and 32 RBIs in season's first 25 games through May 2. González completed the first half on a torrid pace. He was voted in as an All-Star starter and batted 5th in the 2001 All-Star Game. González hit .347 with 23 HR 83 RBI in 79 games (.640 SLG% / 1.031 OPS%) in the first half.

He appeared to be on his way to easily capturing the RBI title, but an RBI drought at the end of the season (0 RBI in last 10 games) allowed Bret Boone to pass him by one. González hit over .300 in each of season's 1st 5 months before dropping to .299 for the month of September. His top months were .387 (36–93) in April and .356 (26–73) in July. González was hitting as high as .360 on June 5, then went 17–64 (.266) in next 17 contests, dropping to .338 through June 26. Had a .351 (73–208) mark in next 56 games and was at .344 overall, 2nd in the A.L., through September 9. After this he hit just .130 (6–46) in final 13 games, going 3–34 (.088) in last 10 contests. González was hitless in his final 15 trips after his single on September 24. Despite his cold streak over the last week and a half of the season, he still finished with a .325 BA /.370 OBP/.590 SLG% and a 147 OPS+ close to his MVP seasons. He also won his sixth Silver Slugger and finished fifth in MVP voting.

Brian Boyer

Brian Boyer (born October 24, 1969) is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach of the women's basketball team at Arkansas State University.

Boyer has been the head coach at A-State for 20 years and has compiled an overall record of 333-287 and has won more games than any coach (men's or women's) in the school's history.

Early life and education
Boyer was born in Memphis, Missouri, a small farming community in the Northern part of the state. He attended Missouri Western where he earned a bachelor's degree in Physical Education in 1993.

Coaching career

Missouri Western
Upon arriving at Missouri Western as a student, Boyer began working as assistant with the men's program in 1989 and moved to assistant with the men's program in 1993.

During his time at Missouri Western, the Griffons made five NCAA Division II appearances (1990, 1991, 1992, 1994 and 1995) and captured two conference championships and advanced to the Sweet 16 in 1990 while with the men's program.

After moving into his role with the women's program, Missouri Western and Boyer continued their joint success as the program made two NCAA Tournament appearances, including a trip to the Elite Eight in 1994 and a Final Four berth in 1995.

Arkansas State
In 1995, Boyer arrived at Arkansas State as an assistant under Jeff Mittie, who is the current head coach of the Kansas State Wildcats. Upon Mittie's departure in August 1999 to become the head coach at TCU, Boyer was promoted to the position of head coach.

In his first season as head coach in 1999–2000, Boyer guided A-State to an 18-12 overall record and a second straight trip to the Women's National Invitation Tournament.

His teams returned to the postseason in 2003–04 and 2004–05, both of which resulted in appearances in the WNIT. During the 2005 tournament, A-State hosted Arkansas at the Convocation Center in front of the largest crowd in arena history at 10,892. A-State won the game 98-84 and advanced to quarterfinals where the squad fell to Iowa. In 2013–14 Boyer's teams began a run of three consecutive WNIT berths that also included two regular season Sun Belt Conference championships. During the run the Red Wolves played in the Sun Belt Conference championship game twice and compiled 75 wins during the span.


Demos (U.S. think tank)

Demos is a liberal think tank based in the United States. The group, which was founded in 2000, has a stated mission to "power the movement for a just, inclusive, multiracial democracy."

History
In the late 1990s, Demos was conceptualized by Charles Halpern, President of the Nathan Cummings Foundation (1989–2000). Halpern wanted to create a counter-argument to the growing influence of the many right-wing think tanks and establish a multi-issue organization that would focus on progressive policy development and advocacy. David Callahan, a Fellow at the Century Foundation, and Stephen B. Heintz, Vice-President of the EastWest Institute, joined Halpern in helping to found Demos. Founding board members included Arnie Miller, of Isaacson Miller, an executive search firm; David Skaggs, a Colorado Congressman; and Barack Obama, then an Illinois State Senator.

In March 2000, Demos opened its first office in New York with Heintz as President. In this first year, Demos' work focused on solving economic inequities and increasing civic participation by developing a more inclusive democracy. These two areas continue to be a large part of Demos' core work.

In 2001, Heintz stepped down and was replaced by Miles Rapoport, Connecticut legislator (1985–94) and Secretary of State (1995–98).

In March 2014, Rapoport left Demos to become the President of Common Cause. Heather McGhee, formerly the Vice President of Policy and Outreach, became President of Demos. McGhee is now a Distinguished Senior Fellow at Demos. In 2018, Demos named Sabeel Rahman as the new president.

Voting rights

Demos was part of a settlement in a lawsuit, filed in 2005, alleging Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell, Governor Bob Taft, and their predecessors failed to protect the fundamental rights of eligible Ohio voters to cast a meaningful ballot, as required by the Equal Protection and Due Process Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The settlement was binding and required the state to provide for uniformity and consistency in Ohio election procedures so that the opportunity to vote can be enjoyed equally by all Ohio citizens.

See also
Democratic deficit

References

External links

Category:Civil rights organizations in the United States
Category:Non-

The AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center Mainland Campus is a 323-bed hospital, opened in 1975, and located in the Pomona section of  Galloway Township, New Jersey, United States. Situated on the Stockton University campus, the Mainland Campus experienced a 44% growth in admissions from 1986 to 1992. The Mainland Campus completed a $16 million modernization or renovation project in early 1992.

History
What was once called Atlantic City Hospital in the late 19th century and early 20th century, and became Atlantic City Medical Center, and is now AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center has a history that is deeply tied to the roots of Atlantic City, New Jersey.

Early years
It wasn't until the late 1880s that community leaders took steps to provide basic medical care for Atlantic City residents and visitors. They designated a room in the old City Hall for medical emergencies and set up another building outside city limits to treat contagious diseases. This arrangement seemed to work for a while, especially since a private sanitarium—which could house additional patients—was built a few years later. However the sanitarium did not admit anyone with an infectious disease.

Then, in 1895 and 1896, two disastrous incidents occurred that made people think about the adequacy of medical care in Atlantic City. First, a building collapsed during a crowded Elks convention, injuring too many people to be cared for at City Hall. The following year, a major railroad accident resulted in 100 patients, all of whom had to be cared for at the sanitarium.

What would happen the next time there was an accident or health crisis? The proprietor of the sanitarium was considering ending his contract with the city. The time had come for Atlantic City to have a hospital.

Creation of hospital
At first it seemed that constructing a hospital in Atlantic City would be difficult. Only two people, John P. Rochford, founder of the sanitarium, and Alfred W. Heston, city comptroller, attended the initial meeting on February 17, 1897. Rochford and Heston immediately elected each other temporary president and secretary, respectively, and named a board of nine other members. After several meetings of the full board, the Atlantic City Hospital Association was incorporated on April 8, 1897.

Their first step was to find a location for the hospital. The Association chose a converted white house on Ohio Ave. and realized $16,000 to purchase it. The newly formed Ladies A

Canines have been seen to develop significant resistance to A. caninum naturally with age; this protection develops faster in and fully mature females show substantially greater resistance than fully mature dogs.  Specifically the age-related resistance means A. caninum takes longer to reach sexual maturity in older animals and fewer larvae fully develop.

Vaccination
Numerous vaccines have been developed with varying success against A. caninum.  Use of an enzyme important in the worm's feeding process is popular, with one example being AcCP2, a protease, which, when used to vaccinate dogs, gives a strong antibody response, a lowering of numbers of eggs found in stools and a decrease in intestinal worm size.  These effects are attributed to reduced AcCP2 activity upon antibody binding.  A similar approach has been taken using another A. caninum digestive enzyme, AcGST1, but it failed to give statistically significant results in dogs.

An alternative approach has been to disrupt the migratory ability of A. caninum; this was done successfully using the AcASP1 protein of A. caninum, which gives an increase in antibody levels of all subclasses, as well as a reduced worm burden.  Other studies using the same vaccine have shown 79% reduction of worm burden resulting from this approach.

Animals with prior exposure to A. caninum show enhanced resistance, but careful removal of all worms from the previous infection results in loss of this resistance.  Studies in mice show resistance due to past exposure can protect against otherwise lethal worm doses and that this is a general form of resistance – defense is offered against subsequent infections via either mouth or skin.

Medication
Drugs used in treatment of A. caninum infections of dogs include: dichlorvos, fenbendazole, flubendazole, mebendazole, nitroscanate, piperazine, pyrantel, milbemycin, moxidectin, diethylcarbamazine, oxibendazole,  and ivermectin.

In humans
In inappropriate hosts such as humans, A. caninum is able to enter the skin, but cannot proceed into the circulation and on to the intestine; instead, the disease dermal larva migrans results, caused by movement of the nematode within the skin and which can persist for several months without intervention.

While access to the intestine is not possible via this route, it can occur via ingestion;

The Taiwan Strait Tourism Association (TSTA; ) is a semi-official representative office of the Republic of China in Mainland China handling tourism-related affairs. Its counterpart body in Taiwan by the People's Republic of China is the Cross-Strait Tourism Exchange Association.

Offices

Beijing office
The first TSTA office in Mainland China was opened on 4 May 2010. The TSTA office is located at LG Twin Towers in Chaoyang District, Beijing.

During the office official opening ceremony in Beijing, Shao Qiwei, President of the Mainland's Cross-Strait Tourism Exchange Association, said that with the establishment of the reciprocal tourism office across the Taiwan Strait means positive progress for exchange and interactions in various aspects between the two sides. Janice Lai, Chairperson of TSTA said that the establishment of the association in Beijing will also promote tourism industry of Taiwan and introduce Taiwan's sightseeing spots to the people in Mainland China. This establishment also marks a new milestone leading to closer bilateral tourism exchanges between the two sides.

Shanghai office
The second TSTA office in Mainland China is the Shanghai office, located in Zhabei District. The official opening ceremony was held on 15 November 2012, attended by David W. J. Hsieh, Director-General of the Tourism Bureau of the Republic of China, Shao Qiwei, President of the Cross-Strait Tourism Exchange Association and Tu Jiang, Chairman of Association for Tourism Exchange Across the Taiwan Straits. The office will handle Taiwan-related tourism affairs in Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui, Fujian and Jiangxi.

Tasks
The three major tasks of TSTA are:

 Expanding distribution channels and improving the packaging of quality tourism products
 Strengthening publicity and promotion
 Introducing theme packages by regions

Transportation
The Beijing office of TSTA is accessible within walking distance southwest from Yong'anli Station of the Beijing Subway. The Shanghai office of TSTA is accessible within walking distance southeast from People's Square Station of the Shanghai Metro.

See also
 Cross-Strait Tourism Exchange Association
 List of diplomatic missions of Taiwan
 Cross-Strait relations

References 

Category:Organizations established in 2010
Category:2010 establishments in China
Category:Organizations based in Beijing
Category:Organizations based in Shanghai
Category:Tourism agencies
Category:Tourism in

Pandabeswar

Pandabeswar (also spelled Pandaveswar) is an administrative centre in Pandabeswar CD Block in Durgapur subdivision of Paschim Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India.

Geography

Police station
Pandabeswar police station has jurisdiction over Pandabeswar CD Block. The area covered is 161 km2 and the population covered is 176,445.

CD Block HQ
The headquarters of Pandabeswar CD Block are located at Pandabeswar.

Urbanisation
As per the 2011 census, 79.22% of the population of Durgapur subdivision was urban and 20.78% was rural. Durgapur subdivision has 1 municipal corporation at Durgapur and 38 (+1 partly) census towns  (partly presented in the map alongside; all places marked on the map are linked in the full-screen map).

Demographics
Pandabeswar is shown as part of Baidyanathpur in the map of Pandabeswar CD Block  on page 243 of the District Census Handbook, Bardhaman, 2011. Separate demographic statistics are not available.

Economy
As per the Shodhganga website, collieries in the Pandaveswar Area of Eastern Coalfields are: Madaipur, Mandarbani, Nutandanga, Pandaveswar, Dalurbandh, Kendra, Samla, South Samla, Khottadih, Kankartala, Dalurbandh OCP, Palasthali OCP and Gangaramchak OCP.

As per ECL website telephone numbers, operational collieries in the Pandaveswar Area in 2018 are: Dalurband Colliery, Khottadih OCP, Khottadih UG, Madhaipur Colliery, Manderbony Colliery, Pandaveswar Colliery and South Samla Colliery.

Transport

There is a Railway station in Pandabeswar on the Andal-Sainthia branch line.

NH 14 (old number NH 60) passes through Pandabeswar.

Education
Pandaveswar College was established at Pandabeswar in 2005. It is affiliated with Kazi Nazrul University. It offers honours courses in Hindi, English, history and

Background
The film lampoons the legitimate documentary Madonna: Truth or Dare (also known as In Bed with Madonna outside the United States and Canada). In the original, American singer Madonna allowed cameras to follow her around for a no-holds-barred peek into her life during her Blond Ambition World Tour. In this spoof, Brown plays Medusa, a controlling, hyper-sexual blonde bombshell who has allowed a documentary crew to follow her on her "Blonde Leading the Blonde Tour". The film, about one hour long and originally produced as a Showtime television special, goes to great pains to recreate costumes, sets and situations that occurred in the original documentary.

Plot
The film begins with the camera panning through pictures of Medusa's album covers and film posters eventually showing her lying in a bed while getting a massage and her hair done. She starts telling the viewers about how lonely she feels since her tour ended. The film then flashes back to when Medusa was rehearsing her "Blonde Leading the Blonde Tour". After being crushed by a giant genitalia statue, Medusa explains in a voice-over how the tour was a technical nightmare. Eventually, the tour begins in the Philippines, only for Medusa to find out that she was performing during the eruption of a volcano. In an interview, Medusa's manager Benny explains how Medusa's first single "Like a Video" ("Like a Virgin") was a hit for MTV, leading into a parody performance of Madonna's "Blond Ambition" version. After that, Medusa is shown talking to her boyfriend. The tour then moves to Japan where Medusa tells her poverty stricken dancers that they'll be receiving a pay cut. Another shows women protesting Medusa and her director showing how Medusa gained the inspiration to shoot a music video involving robbing a store. Finally, the tour moves to the U.S where Medusa and her dancers play a game of Truth or Dare. After that, she is shown being at a party where a director who tries to get her to star in a movie similar to "Heidi". Later, while Medusa is listing negative things about people, Bobcat Goldthwait shows up and gets offended when he sees Medusa gag after he called her show "neat". After that, Medusa is shown reciting lines from "Romeo and Juliet " while a voice-over explains that Medusa is planning to star in the Broadway show

History
The clock tower was built in 1607 and on the small bell-tower attached to the sacristy, the date 1669 is inscribed. The church was listed on the 11 May 1932. Only the church and ossuary remain of the original parish enclosure. The original sanctuary or priory dates back to around 1200 when it was established by Hervé 1st of Léon and dedicated to Saint Thomas Becket, who had been assassinated by Henry II of England. Historians suggest that the choice of Becket as the patron saint was a demonstration of Hervé 1st's determination to avoid English domination and to remove the stigma left by his father's defeat and death at the hands of the English in 1167. When Brittany began to prosper in the 16th and 17th centuries, the existing church was replaced by something more substantial and the resultant church included a bell tower with porch, a nave with five transepts and two aisles and  a flat chevet in the Flamboyant Gothic style, so typical of the region's churches in the 16th century. The Église Saint-Houardon is also an important church in Landerneau.

The porch
The arched porch has a leaf shaped keystone and has three niches topped with the carving of a crescent moon, a design attributed to Philibert Delorme and common to the area. The porch interior has 12 niches to accommodate statues of the apostles but these niches are empty. There is however a stoup carved from Kersanton stone, this having a fluted bowl.

The sablières
These have both Renaissance type motifs with masks, putti and vases and some more bizarre and humorous carvings such as a sow drinking from a barrel whilst a woman has taken a knife and attempts to carve a piece from the sow's bottom.

The altar
This takes the shape of a tomb. The altar was built in 1711 and is surmounted by a five lancet window and on one side of the altar there is a statue of Saint Thomas of Canterbury and on the other Saint Blaise.  Under each statue there is a bas-relief depicting their martyrdoms. Above the steps of the altar are two reliefs. One depicts the Last Supper and the second Jesus washing the disciples' feet.

Statues
The church has many fine statues in the nave and choir

2023 Asaph, provisional designation , is a dark asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 21 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 16 September 1952, by astronomers of the Indiana Asteroid Program at Goethe Link Observatory in Indiana, United States.

Orbit and classification 

Asaph orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.1–3.7 AU once every 4 years and 11 months (1,781 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.28 and an inclination of 22° with respect to the ecliptic. The asteroid's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation Goethe Link.

Physical characterization 

In November 2001, a rotational lightcurve of Asaph was obtained from photometric observations by American astronomer Brian Warner. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 4.74 hours with a low brightness variation of 0.06 magnitude (). Upon re-examination of the revised data set, Warner constructed a new, ambiguous lightcurve with two possible period solutions of  and  hours (). These observations supersede a period of 9.19 hours derived from two fragmentary lightcurves obtained in 2001 and 2006, respectively ().

Diameter and albedo 

According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, Asaph measures between 19.678 and 21.29 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.09 and 0.1045.

The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for carbonaceous asteroids of 0.057 and consequently calculates a larger diameter of 25.44 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 11.7.

Naming 

This minor planet was named in memory of American astronomer Asaph Hall (1829–1907), who discovered the Martian satellites, Phobos and Deimos. The official  was published by the Minor Planet Center on 15 October 1977 ().

Notes

References

External links 
 Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info)
 Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
 Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
 Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (1)-(5000) – Minor Planet Center
 
 

002023
002023
Category

Track listing
"Knuckle Down" - 3:07
"Piranhas Club" - 3:52
"Steak Knives" - 3:26
"Dark Arts" - 3:49
"Haute Tropique" - 3:51
"Shameless" - 6:45
"Spooky Jookie" - 4:20
"Eel Bros" - 0:50
"Bangkok Necktie" - 2:51
"Life Fantastic" - 4:43
"Oh, La Brea" - 4:48

Deluxe Edition Bonus Tracks (iTunes Exclusive):
"Mayan Nights" - 2:41
"Trunk Eyes" - 2:57
"Hourglass" - 2:01

Personnel

Man Man
Honus - forethroat lead vocals, primitive piano tickling, synthesizer slantings, magic lil guitar dusting
Chang - synthesizer abuse, mallets of heaven, truly dreamy horns, assorted saxophones, bookworm bass clarinet, melancholy melodica shadow, percussive bangs, stabthroat backing vocals
Pow - drumming magic, percussiveness, lowthroat backing vocals
Critter - guitar shredding, mallet twinkling, trumpeter swan, glowworm backing vocals
T. Moth - bass line jopping, synthesizer linking, additional piano clangs, crazerthroat backing vocals

Additional Musicians
Nate Walcott - string arrangements
Frank Seligman, Tracy Dunn, Paul Ledwon, Amy Peterson - strings
Matt Maginn, Steve Bartalomei, Ben Brodin - handclaps
Neely Jenkins - backing vocals on tracks 1, 2, 4, 6 & 10
Susan Sanchez - backing vocals on tracks 2, 4, 6 & 11
Laura Burhenn - backing vocals on tracks 2, 4, 6 & 11
Stella Mogis - backing vocals on tracks 4, 5 & 10
Tim Kasher - backing vocals on tracks 4 & 9
Ted Stevens - backing vocals on track 4
Denny Mogis - backing vocals on track 4

References

External links
 https://web.archive.org/web/20110518202646/http://www.philebrity.com/2011/05/10/man-mans

The Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) is a U.S. self-regulatory organization that was established in 1974 and is administered by BBB National Programs.  It is an independent self-regulatory agency for the promotion of responsible advertising to children under the age of 12 in all media.  CARU reviews and evaluates advertising for truth, accuracy, appropriateness and sensitivity to children’s still developing cognitive abilities in accordance with its Self-Regulatory Program for Children's Advertising (the Guidelines) and relevant laws.

CARU monitors advertisements found in broadcast and cable TV, radio, children’s magazines, comic books, the Internet and mobile services for compliance with its Guidelines.  When ads are found to be misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent with its Guidelines, CARU seeks changes through voluntary cooperation.  The results of CARU inquiries are publicly recorded in the NAD/CARU Case Reports.  CARU also handles advertiser challenges and consumer complaints.

In 1996, CARU added a section to its Guidelines that highlight issues that are unique to the Internet including Websites directed at children under age 13 for online privacy.  These Guidelines served as the basis of the federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).

In January 2001, CARU's self-regulatory program became the first Federal Trade Commission-approved Safe Harbor under COPPA. Participants who adhere to CARU's Guidelines are deemed in compliance with COPPA and essentially insulated from FTC enforcement action as long as they comply with program requirements.

CARU, operating under the principle that self-regulation is best supported by education, provides a general advisory service for advertisers and agencies and has created publications to help parents help their kids understand advertising.

CARU has an Advisory Board, composed of leading experts in education, communications, child development and nutrition, as well as industry leaders.  The Board advises on general issues concerning children’s advertising and assists in the continuous development of the Guidelines.

CARU’S Guidelines

CARU's Self-Regulatory Guidelines are deliberately subjective, going beyond the issues of truthfulness and accuracy to take into account the uniquely impressionable and vulnerable child audience.

The Guidelines are based upon the following core principles:

Advertisers have special responsibilities when advertising to children or collecting data from children online. They should take into account the limited knowledge, experience, sophistication and maturity of the audience to which the message is directed. They should recognize that

7 Come 11
Many of the songs that appeared on Flyin' Shoes were originally recorded in 1973 for an album with the working title 7 Come 11. The album was not released, however, due to a dispute between producer Jack Clement and Poppy Records founder Kevin Eggers. As Van Zandt's former manager John Lomax III explains in the 2004 biopic Be Here To Love Me, "That was the sort of missing link in his career. If that had come out right on top of the Late Great, it would've really been a whole other thing but I think Kevin lost the deal so Jack Clement just held on to the tapes." 

In the same documentary, Steve Earle confirms that the tapes "got put back into the tape pool because Kevin Eggers didn't pay for them." According to John Kruth's 2007 biography To Live's To Fly: The Ballad of the Late, Great Townes Van Zandt, the bad feelings had been festering ever since Clement had requested that Van Zandt alter a potentially offensive line in the song "Tecumseh Valley" for the singer's debut album For the Sake of the Song back in 1968, and that by 1974 Clement and Eggers "had come to a final parting of the ways. Between Kevin's unpaid bills and some of the Cowboy's more questionable production decisions...there was some bad blood behind them. And Van Zandt's dual Jekyll and Hyde personality could turn a shaky situation volatile in a heartbeat."  

By all accounts, Van Zandt was extremely frustrated that 7 Come 11 had been held up, with guitarist Mickey White telling director Margaret Brown in 2004 that any hopes they had that the album would come out "were just about gone. Every time we'd try to call Kevin to find out what was going on with it, or try to communicate with him, it was just clear." A short time after the split with Clement, Poppy Records went under, further isolating Van Zandt from the music business. 

By 1978, Van Zandt had released no new original material in five years and was living with his second wife Cindy in a cabin in Franklin, Tennessee where, as Earle recalls in Be Here To Love Me, the troubadour spent most of his time listening to Paul Harvey every morning and watching Happy Days. However, the stagnation worsened Van Zandt's drug and alcohol problems, with the singer's son J.

Playing career
Jones played for Halifax amateur teams, Ovenden and King Cross before turning professional and signing for Halifax. He made his first team début aged 17 years and 200 days in what was to be his only Super League appearance, Halifax's last game of Super League VIII in 2003. He remained with Halifax until 2006 when he joined Keighley Cougars for the start of the 2007 season.  After four seasons with Keighley, he returned to Halifax for the 2011 season but then moved back to Keighley in 2012.

International honours
Jones was a Wales international, having made his début in a defeat by Italy in 2010. He was named in the Wales squad for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.

Death
During a League 1 match between Keighley Cougars and London Skolars on 3 May 2015, Jones was substituted in the fourth minute of the game after reporting feeling unwell.  Soon after he went into cardiac arrest, he received treatment at the scene by the match doctor and was transferred by air ambulance to the Royal Free Hospital where he subsequently died. The match was abandoned after the incident. A post-mortem revealed that the cardiac arrest was caused by a previous undetected, hereditary, heart disease.

Keighley announced on 4 May that the number 6 shirt number worn by Jones during the 2015 season would be retired with immediate effect. The main stand at Cougar Park was named The Danny Jones Stand at the end of May.

Jones's widow, Lizzie, performed the traditional Challenge Cup Final hymn, Abide With Me before the 2015 Challenge Cup Final, to say "thank you to players, fans and officials for their support since her husband's death" .
Lizzie also sang Danny Boy at the BBC Sports personality of the Year awards on 20 December 2015.

References

External links
Profile at keighleycougars.com (archived by web.archive.org)
Video "Danny Jones Scores in every 2009 match. Only UK player to achieve this" at youtube.com

Category:1986 births
Category:English rugby league players
Category:English people of Welsh descent
Category:Wales national rugby league team players
Category:Keighley Cougars players
Category:Halifax R.L.F.C. players
Category:Rugby league halfbacks
Category:2015 deaths
Category:Sport deaths in England


Career
With the onset of the Great Depression causing her concern about finding a post-doctoral internship, a former professor of McGraw advised her to talk to Fred Tilney, the director of the Neurological Institute of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia. She was appointed associate director of the Normal Child Development Study at Babies Hospital in New York City by Tilney in 1930. Her work involved experimental research on child development of the neuromuscular system as a complement to Tilney's own studies of animal neural systems and behavior, and their correlation to humans. McGraw collaborated with Tilney and neuroembryologist George Coghill, and incorporated the ideas of John Dewey, to try and understand the growth process.

Her work combined observation with some then-unique approaches to study environmental effects that could optimize motor development in an infant. She became the first to demonstrate a swim reflex in 2–4 month old babies. For several years she performed twin studies, which led to a heralded comparison study titled Growth: A Study of Johnny and Jimmy published in 1935. Among the experiments, she was able to place 13-month old subject Johnny in roller skates and teach him to skate, much to the interest of her fellow researchers and the press. The press retained an interest in this experiment from 1933 to 1942, although the supposed performance differences created between the two due to lab research turned out not to be as significant as initially supposed. McGraw's work continued until the Normal Child Development Study ended early in 1940 due to the war. She remained at the Babies Hospital long enough to complete her second book, The Neuromuscular Maturation of the Human Infant, published in 1943.

A focus of her studies was to unite concepts in biology and physics to reach an understanding of the neurobehavioral development in an infant. She was critiqued as a maturationist by some, but her analysis of neurobehavior was actually more complex. Her work, in collaboration with others including John Dewey, advanced a focus on the reciprocal relationship between experience and the process of neural growth during early development. In this, she disagreed with Arnold Gesell's view on the role of maturation. Her insights have influenced the work of other scientists, including Ronald Oppenheim, Gilbert Gottlieb, Esther Thelen, and Adele Diamond. Her work also influenced the development of water birthing as well as parents applying swimming lessons for infants to encourage motor skill development.

Domestic life
Dr.

Craftsbury Academy

Craftsbury Academy is a term that is generally applied to the high school portion of the Craftsbury School System located in Craftsbury, Orleans County, Vermont, although occasionally it is extended to include the middle school as well, because it shares many resources with the high school.

The school has operated continuously since 1832, making it one of the oldest in the state. It faces Craftsbury Common. In the 21st century various building projects have upgraded the aging facilities, including a complete renovation of the old Academy Building, the annex (a relocated historic church converted into classroom space), and the World War II Memorial gymnasium. Once the renovations are complete the school board has stated that the campus will be up to modern building codes, and will be among the most energy efficient schools in New England.

History
Craftsbury Academy was incorporated in October, 1829. The early school held classes in foreign languages, fine arts, and other liberal arts. The founders intended to support the school with the lease or development of  on land belonging to the school, a typical hope of the time.

The first building was erected in 1832, a two-story brick structure. This structure became unsound and was replaced by a wood structure in 1868. This building, together with most of the school furniture, was destroyed by fire in 1879. With the insurance money and the subscriptions of the townspeople a new building was erected, designed to accommodate about eighty pupils.

A campus structure, Minden Hall, preserves the original name of the town. This building contains the middle school portion of the Craftsbury School System, although many resources are shared with other grade levels. Minden Hall was built in 1980 and has been lightly renovated as part of the much more intensive renovations being done on the older structures on campus.

Academics
Craftsbury Schools offers a K-12 education program. The high school program includes instruction in science, social studies, mathematics, and English comparable to neighboring schools, and also offers a range of electives including arts, physical education, and Spanish. In 2012, Craftsbury Academy began a partnership with The Virtual High School, which allows students access to a range of online elective courses.

In September classes hike local mountains. In January and February students participate in the Physical Education program, which gives students various options for off-campus physical education opportunities, including ice skating, downhill

In 935, Gyeon Hwon chose his fourth son Geumgang over the elder sons as the crown prince of Hubaekje.  At this the eldest son, Singeom, conspiring with his brothers, had his father confined to Geumsansa in Gimje. Singeom killed Prince Geumgang and took the throne for himself.  However, Gyeon Hwon escaped to Goryeo.

Military affairs 
For much of its existence, Hubaekje was troubled by Wang Geon's naval raids in Naju region. These worked to disrupt trade and diplomatic ties with Southern Chinese kingdoms.

Hubaekje possessed considerable military strength, and Lee (1984, p. 99) writes of Gyeon Hwon that "Had Gung Ye and Wang Geon not stood in his way, he surely would have had little difficulty in toppling Silla."  Hubaekje showed its greatest strength in 927. In that year its armies attacked and pillaged the Silla capital at Gyeongju, slaying King Gyeongae and establishing King Gyeongsun as the ruler. Before the attack, Silla had sent for aid from Goryeo, and Wang Geon arrived with a large army shortly after Gyeongju was taken. The two armies met near Palgong Mountain in present-day Daegu. Wang Geon's forces in the battle reportedly numbered 10,000 men.  Hubaekje triumphed, and Wang Geon himself only escaped through the daring self-sacrifice of his general Shin Sung-gyeom and Kim Nak.

However, when the two armies met again at the Battle of Gochang near Andong in 930, Goryeo scored a decisive victory. Hubaekje was pushed back into its heartland, and there suffered a further crippling defeat at Hongseong in 934.

Diplomatic ties 
As Wang Geon sought to maintain legitimacy through diplomatic ties with northern China, Gyeon Hwon strove to do the same by maintaining ties with the rulers of southern China, particularly Wuyue. However, because Hubaekje's existence largely coincided with the turbulent Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period in China, neither side was able to parlay these ties into military support.

Fall 
After he was deposed by his sons in 935 and

Woodlawn Cemetery (West Palm Beach, Florida)

Woodlawn Cemetery is located at 1301 South Dixie Highway in West Palm Beach, Florida. It consists of three cemeteries: Woodlawn Cemetery, the Jewish Cemetery, and Woodlawn Cemetery North.

Henry Flagler created the cemetery on 17 acres of pineapple fields in 1904. "By 1904, there was 'no more attractive cemetery in Florida' than Woodlawn, most likely inspired in name and design by New York’s Woodlawn Cemetery that had also utilized a spacious Landscape Lawn." "As was his custom, Flagler spared no expense and the cemetery soon became a tourist attraction. The St. Augustine Tatler of January 1905 reported that socialites would spend the afternoon there admiring its rock roads and "rows of oleanders, Australian pines, and crotons." In 1914 the Woodlawn Cemetery Association deeded the cemetery to the City of West Palm Beach.

The Cemetery holds 10,085 burials, from January 1905 through December 1994. It originally had an iron gateway, with the words "That Which Is So Universal As Death Must Be A Blessing” in bronze letters. With the widening of Dixie Highway in 1925 an acre was lost and the iron gate had to be removed. A year later it was replaced with the present cement archway, with the same words inscribed.

Confederate monument
Southern cemeteries of the period were segregated, and Woodlawn Cemetery only accepted white, Christian burials. Just inside the entrance gate there was from 1941 to 2017 a prominent stone monument with the following text, underneath a Confederate flag:

Forever now, among the immortal dead, 
whose dust belongs to glory's dreamland,
sleeps the fair Confederacy.
Right principles can never die. No
cause for which the brave have
bled in virtue's name, for which the
true have kept the faith,
for which the dead have died in holy
martyrdom, is ever lost!

In memory of
our Confederate soldiers,
erected by
United Daughters of the Confederacy
A.D. 1941

Amid the wave of Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials after the Dylann Roof shooting of 2015, the monument was defaced in August, 2017, with the words "Antifa Nazis & KKK", with arrows pointing at the Confederate flag. This was

The Cook Islands Amendment Act contained a clause limiting candidacy for the elections to people who had lived in the Cook Islands for at least three years before the election. This barred Albert Henry from running, as he had only lived in the Cook Island for a year preceding the vote.

Campaign
A total of 66 candidates contested the 22 seats, 19 from the Cook Islands Party, 16 from the United Political Party (led by Leader of Government business Dick Charles Brown), 12 from the Independent Group, 7 from the Labour Party, and 12 independents. also fielding candidates. Two seats had only one candidate – Tangaroa Tangaroa in Penrhyn and Pupuke Robati in Rakahanga – both of whom were returned unopposed

Results
Leader of Government business Brown, Agriculture Minister Napa Tauei Napa and Speaker Teariki Tuavera were amongst the nine incumbents that lost their seats.

Elected members

Aftermath
The newly elected Assembly met for the first time on 10 May. With Henry still ineligible for election, Manea Tamarua was elected Leader of Government Business. He subsequently announced appointed Julian Dashwood, Tiakana Numanga, Apenera Short, Marguerite Story and Mana Strickland to the Executive Council.

On 11 May Cook Islands Party MPs attempted to amend the Cook Islands Amendment Act to reduce the residency requirement and allow Henry to become an MP. The opposition independents walked out of the legislature, meaning it was not quorate due to the absence of two Cook Islands Party MPs. However, they returned the following day and an amendment to reduce the residency requirement to three months (providing the candidate had previously lived in the Cook Islands for at least a year) was passed. Henry's sister Marguerite Story subsequently resigned from the Assembly to allow him to contest the by-election for Te-au-o-Tonga on 9 July. Henry was challenged by Dick Charles Brown, winning by 1,353 votes to 523.

The Legislative Assembly later approved the constitution on 26 July by 20 votes to two. The two 'no' votes came from Pupuke Robati (who claimed that residents of Rakahanga did not wish for the Cook Islands to become self-governing) and Tangaroa Tangaroa (who claimed that Penrhyn wished to become part of New Zealand). The Cook Islands became self-governing on 4 August 1965 when Henry was

The Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo is an annual series of military tattoos performed by British Armed Forces, Commonwealth and international military bands, and artistic performance teams on the esplanade of Edinburgh Castle in the capital of Scotland. The event is held each August as one of the Edinburgh Festivals.

History and etymology

Etymology
The term "tattoo" derives from a 17th-century Dutch phrase doe den tap toe ("turn off the tap") a signal to tavern owners each night, played by a regiment's Corps of Drums, to turn off the taps of their ale kegs so that the soldiers would retire to their billeted lodgings at a reasonable hour. With the establishment of modern barracks and full military bands later in the 18th century, the term "tattoo" was used to describe the last duty call of the day, as well as a ceremonial form of evening entertainment performed by military musicians.

Origins
The first public military tattoo in Edinburgh was entitled "Something About a Soldier" and took place in 1949 at the Ross Bandstand in the Princes Street Gardens. The first official Edinburgh Military Tattoo, with eight items in the programme, was held in 1950. It drew some 6,000 spectators seated in simple bench and scaffold structures around the north, south, and east sides of the Edinburgh Castle esplanade. In 2018, the capacity of the stands was able to accommodate a nightly audience of 8,800, allowing 220,000 to watch the multiple live performances.

Seating expansion
Since the 1970s on average, just over 217,000 people see the Tattoo live on the esplanade of Edinburgh Castle each year, and it has sold out in advance for the last decade. 30% of the audience are from Scotland and 35% from the rest of the United Kingdom. The remaining 35% of the audience consists of 70,000 visitors from overseas.

The temporary grandstands on the castle esplanade, used in 2018, had a capacity of 8,800. New £16 million spectator stands and corporate hospitality boxes came into use in 2011. The new temporary stands reduced the time taken to erect and dismantle them from the original two months to one month, allowing the esplanade to host events at other times of the year.

Performances
The Tattoo performance takes place every weekday evening and twice on Saturdays throughout August and has never been cancelled due to

Though a few villages exist along Adams Lake, the vast majority of the lake is undeveloped.  The lack of development is partially due to the nature of the shoreline, which is mostly sheer rock faces or steep, stony beaches.  Few recreationally suitable beaches exist naturally on the lake.  Some man-made sandy beaches have been constructed for public use. (see "Adams Lake Provincial Park")

History

Chief Adam (sometimes spelled Atahm) was a prominent Secwepemc chief in the mid-nineteenth century.  By most accounts, the lake is named after him.  Adam died in the 1862 smallpox epidemic, which, according to James Teit, killed over half the local Secwepemc population.

Adams Lake has been the site of two Secwepemc blockades, one in solidarity with the Kanesatake Mohawk in 1990, and the other in the summer of 1995, to prevent the development of a 60-unit recreational vehicle park on Secwepemc burial ground.
 The 1995 blockade resulted in the burning of the only bridge crossing the lake, and thus the establishment of a permanent inland ferry service to access the eastern side of the lake.

The north end of Adams Lake is called Mumix in the Shuswap language.

Forestry

Forestry forms the economic base for the region.  Unpaved logging roads, which provide the only land access, run the full length of the lake.  At the south end of the lake operates a saw mill.  The logs for which are harvested further up the lake, deposited into the lake near the Momich River by a large crane.  The logs are then floated down the lake to the mill in log booms drawn by tug boats.  It is a common sight to see these log booms anchored in wait at lakeside.

Recreation

Adams Lake is used for recreation year round.  Sport anglers commonly fish the lake for Rainbow Trout, Kokanee, Lake trout, and Bull Trout.  The lake is also used for swimming, pleasure boating and water skiing.  The area around the lake is popular with campers and is home to a large variety of flora and fauna.  During autumn and winter people hunt for game birds and big game such as mule deer, black bear, and cougar (mountain lion).

Cl

1981–82 South Pacific cyclone season

The 1981–82 South Pacific cyclone season was a slightly-below average South Pacific tropical cyclone season, with 6 tropical cyclones occurring within the South Pacific Ocean basin between 160°E and 120°W during the season. After this season, the names Gyan and Isaac were retired from the lists of names, after they caused significant impacts to South Pacific island nations.

During the season, tropical cyclones were monitored by the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centers in Nadi, Fiji, Brisbane, Australia and Wellington, New Zealand. During the season TCWC Nadi issued warnings and assigned names to any tropical cyclones that developed between the Equator and 25°S while TCWC Wellington issued warnings for any that were located to the south of 25°S. The United States Armed Forces through the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) and Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center (NPMOC), also monitored the basin and issued unofficial warnings for American interests. TCWC Nadi, Brisbane and Wellington measured sustained windspeeds over a 10-minute which are compared to the modern day Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale. The JTWC and the NPMOC measured sustained windspeeds over a 1-minute period which are compared to the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale (SSHS).

__TOC__

Systems

Severe Tropical Cyclone Gyan

Severe Tropical Cyclone Gyan existed from December 18 to December 29.

Severe Tropical Cyclone Hettie

Severe Tropical Cyclone Hettie existed from January 24 to February 1.

Severe Tropical Cyclone Abigail

Severe Tropical Cyclone Abigail existed from February 1 to February 7.

Severe Tropical Cyclone Isaac

The tropical cyclone developed 160 km/100 mi northeast of western Samoa and travelled southwest at 12 knots, moving through the Ha'apai island group and only 50 km/30 mi northwest of Tongatapu.  The pressure at Tongatapu fell to .  Winds of 92 knots were measured at Nuku'alofa, and rainfall of  was measured there.  Isaac reached maximum intensity on March 2. The tropical cyclone was the worst storm in Tonga's history, devastating the island group.  The island

As the Canucks entered the playoffs as the third seed, Cowan scored the first playoff goal of his NHL career in game one of the second round against the Anaheim Ducks.  The following game, he scored the game-winning overtime goal to tie the series 1-1.  Vancouver was, however, defeated in five games by Anaheim.

Before the start of the 2007–08 season, Cowan was re-signed by the Canucks to a two-year, $1.45-million contract extension.  However, Cowan failed to build on the momentum he had drawn the previous campaign.  He was injured early in the season, suffering a strained hip flexor on October 13, 2007, following a fight with the Oilers' Zack Stortini.  Shortly after he returned, he was re-injured in a December 9 game against the Pittsburgh Penguins, separating his shoulder on a hit from enforcer Georges Laraque.  Cowan finished the season with just 1 assist in 46 games.  Shortly before the 2008–09 season, he was put on waivers and cleared.  Instead of being assigned to the Canucks' AHL affiliate, the Manitoba Moose, he was sent to the Peoria Rivermen as the Moose had already met their five NHL veteran maximum.
On April 30, 2009 Cowan was recalled from Peoria for the Canucks' 2009 playoff run.

On August 20, 2009, Cowan signed a one-year contract with the Buffalo Sabres. While not featuring with the Sabres, Cowan was assigned and played the 2009–10 season, with the Portland Pirates of the AHL. He appeared in 62 games, recording a professional high of 18 goals.

As an unsigned free agent over the summer, on December 17, 2010, Cowan belatedly signed a professional try-out contract with the Toronto Marlies of the AHL, later agreeing to a standard contract for the remainder of the 2010–11 season. On August 12, 2011, Cowan concluded his NHL career by signing his first contract abroad in Europe on a one-year contract to play with the Iserlohn Roosters of the DEL.

Career statistics

References

External links

Category:1976 births
Category:Atlanta Thrashers players
Category:Barrie Colts players
Category:Calgary Flames players
Category:Canadian ice hockey left wingers

A–D
 Alan Bates (1934–2003), British actor
 Albert Bates (born 1947), U.S. environmentalist
 Allie Bates (born 1957), U.S. magazine writer
 Alta Bates (1879–1955), American nurse anesthetist and founder of Alta Bates Hospital
 Angelique Bates (born 1980), American actress
 Anna Haining Bates (1846–1888), Canadian woman who stood 7'5½"
 Arlo Bates (1850–1918), author and professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
 Arthur Laban Bates (1859–1934), U.S. Representative from Massachusetts, 1901–1913
 Barbara Bates (1925–1969), U.S. actress and singer
 Barrie Bates (born 1969), Welsh darts player
 Benjamin Bates (disambiguation), one of several people including
 Benjamin Bates IV (1808–1878), philanthropist, founder of Bates College in Lewiston, Maine
 Bill Bates (born 1961), U.S. player of American football
 Billy Bates (1855–1900), English cricketer
 Blanche Bates (1873–1941), American stage actress
 Blaster Bates (1923–2006), British demolition expert
 Bob Bates, one of several people including
 Bob Bates (musician) (1923–1981), first bassist of The Dave Brubeck Quartet, 1951–1958
 Bob Bates (born 1953), U.S. game designer
 Carl S. Bates (1884–1956), American aviation pioneer
 Cary Bates (born 1948), American comic book writer
 Cat Bates (born 1986), child model for Jamie Wyeth and younger brother of Orca Bates
 Charlotte Fiske Bates (1838–1916), American author
 Clara Doty Bates (1838–1895), American author
 Clayton Peg Leg Bates (1907–1998), American entertainer
 Daisy Bates (disambiguation), one of several people including
 Daisy Bates (civil rights activist) (Daisy Lee Gatson Bates, 1914–1999), U.S. civil rights activist
 Daisy Bates (Australia) (Daisy May Bates, 1859–1951), Australian journalist
 David Bates (disambiguation), one of several people including
 David Bates (historian) (born 1945), historian, writer of books about William I of England and Odo of Bayeux
 David Bates (physicist) (1916–1994), physicist winner of the 1970 Hughes Medal
 David Bates (poet

Evelin Novak (born 1985 in Čakovec) is a Croatian soprano.
Novak was born in Croatia. At the age of 12 she started her singing education, four years later she won two first prizes at international competitions in Croatia. At the age of 17 she became the youngest student at the Music Academy in Graz, Austria. Afterwards she studied at the State University of Music and Performing Arts Stuttgart with Dunja Vejzović, where she received her diploma in spring 2008.

Biography

From April 2009 until June 2011, Novak was holding a scholarship of the Liz Mohn Kultur- und Musikstiftung at the International Operastudio of the Staatsoper Unter den Linden in Berlin. In the 2009/10 season she sang on the opera stage Servant in Simon Boccanegra, Berta in Il Barbiere di Siviglia and Kate Pinkerton in Madama Butterfly. The season 2010/11 included additionally 1. Dame/Die Zauberflöte, Tebaldo/Don Carlo, Arminda/La finta giardiniera and Die Vertraute/Elektra.

She gave her debut as Berta/Il Barbiere di Siviglia at the Bayerische Staatsoper München in March 2010.

In the summer of 2011 Novak gave her debut with Saffi in Der Zigeunerbaron (director: Brigitte Fassbaender) at the  (recorded for TV and DVD).

Since season 2011/12 she is a member of Staatsoper Berlin, where she made her debut as Eurydike/Orphée aux enfers in December 2011, followed in season 2012/13 by her first Pamina/Die Zauberflöte, as well as the new production of Frank Martin's Le vin herbé, followed in 2014 by Jenny/Mahagonny (new production). She also sang her first Violetta/La traviata there.

In summer 2012 she made her debut as Micaëla/Carmen at the , Austria, also recorded for DVD. The year after she sang her first Mimì/La bohéme there. Further guest appearances led her to Graz (Gasparone) and Barcelona Liceu (Micaëla/Carmen production Calixto Bieito).

Nov

The stories assembled in the 1697 edition were "The Sleeping Beauty", "Little Red Riding Hood", "Bluebeard", "The Master Cat, or Puss in Boots", "Diamonds and Toads" (Les Fées), "Cinderella", "Riquet with the Tuft", and "Hop o' My Thumb". Each story ended with a rhymed, well-defined and cynical moral (moralité). The author of the volume was given as "P. Darmancour", hinting at Perrault's 19-year-old son Pierre, who was long time believed to have written the stories. However Zipes claims modern scholarship shows little evidence the son wrote the stories, nor that the volume was the result of a collaboration between father and son. Almost certainly Perrault the elder was the author. It is possible that the son's name, and the dedication to the king's niece Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans, was meant as a means to introduce the son to society. The book contains an introductory letter to "Mademoiselle", saying "No one will think it strange that a child should have found pleasure in composing the Tales in this volume, but some will be surprised that he should have presumed to dedicate them to you."

The volume achieved considerable success with eight reprints in Perrault's lifetime. With Louis XIV's death at the beginning of the 18th century the lifestyle of the précieuse faded, as  did  the popularity of the literary salons and the fairy tales at the beginning of the Age of Enlightenment. Perrault's tales, however, continued to be sought after with four editions published in that century.

Origins and style 

Scholars are divided about the origins of the tales; some theorize that they were original whereas others say Perrault took from earlier versions. Children's literature scholar Ruth Bottigheimer discounts as myth the story that Perrault recounted stories he heard from a household nurse. The contemporary view was that the stories originated in popular tradition, but Carpenter points out that none of the stories existed in contemporary chapbooks leading him to think Perrault took and modified them from earlier (probably literary) versions.

Although some of Perrault's tales had folkloric origins, he modified them with elaborate detail written in intentionally brilliant language for an audience of sophisticated adults who expected embellishment. Some stories such as "

Damji was born in Uganda in 1966, and moved with her family to London in 1970. She has two children.

Damji has borderline personality disorder. She is the daughter of property tycoon Amir Damji, who lived in South Africa and in London. Consequently, she is the niece of journalist Yasmin Alibhai-Brown (Amir's sister); Alibhai-Brown refers to her niece's childhood in her autobiography No Place Like Home.

In the U.S. and South Africa
During 1993–1995, Damji ran an art gallery in Manhattan and East Hampton. At that time, she rented an apartment for herself. She gave the landlord a cheque she had received for $20, which she had altered to $20,000; when the cheque bounced, the landlord obtained an eviction order and seized her belongings. Damji then forged the signature of the judge assigned to the case and amended the order so that she could get her belongings back.

In October 1995, Damji was sentenced to six months in Rikers Island prison, in New York, for those crimes and other crimes related to her art gallery: five counts of grand larceny, possession of a forged instrument, and altering official records. She was also ordered to pay $72,000 to her major victims and given four years' probation.

During the time Damji was on probation, she allegedly committed other crimes; when a warrant for her arrest was subsequently issued, she fled the U.S. Damji then went to South Africa; there, she committed further financial crimes, for which she was deported.

In the U.K.: financial crimes
Damji then returned to the United Kingdom. There, she founded, and became the publisher and editor of, the lifestyle magazine Another Generation (originally named Indobrit), which folded after nine issues. Dozens of writers, photographers, and other contributors to the magazine were either not paid for their work or given cheques that bounced. During this time, she also wrote articles for mainstream and ethnic media, including a regular column in the Birmingham Post, an article in New Statesman, and an article in The Observer.

In October 2002, Damji stole a credit card from her nanny; she then ran up a bill on the card totaling £3,903. She was arrested for that, and then released on bail. While out on bail, she stole another credit card from her business assistant;

Duane Eddy and the Rebels became a frequent act on The Dick Clark Show.

Later career
During the 1960s, Eddy launched an acting career, appearing in such films as A Thunder of Drums, The Wild Westerners, Kona Coast, and The Savage Seven, and two appearances on the television series Have Gun–Will Travel. He married singer Jessi Colter in 1961, the same year he signed a three-year contract with Paul Anka's production company, Camy, whose recordings were issued by RCA Victor. In the early days of recording in the RCA Victor studios, he renewed contact with Lee Hazlewood, who became involved in a number of his RCA Victor singles and albums. Eddy's 1962 single release, "(Dance With The) Guitar Man", co-written with Hazlewood, earned his third gold disc by selling a million records.

In the 1970s, he produced album projects for Phil Everly and Waylon Jennings. In 1972, he worked with Al Gorgoni, rhythm guitar, on BJ Thomas's "Rock and Roll Lullaby". In 1975, a collaboration with hit songwriter Tony Macaulay and former founding member of The Seekers, Keith Potger, led to another UK top-10 record, "Play Me Like You Play Your Guitar". The single, "You Are My Sunshine", featuring Willie Nelson and Waylon Jennings, hit the country charts in 1977.

In 1986, Eddy recorded with Art of Noise, remaking his 1960 version of Henry Mancini's "Peter Gunn". The song was a top-10 hit around the world, ranking number one on Rolling Stone'''s dance chart for six weeks that summer. "Peter Gunn" won the Grammy for Best Rock Instrumental of 1986. It also gave Eddy the distinction of being the only instrumentalist to have had top-10 hit singles in four different decades in the UK. (Although his 1975 top-10 hit featured a female vocal group).

The following year, Duane Eddy was released on Capitol. Several of the tracks were produced by Paul McCartney, Jeff Lynne, Ry Cooder, and Art of Noise. Guest artists and musicians included John Fogerty, George Harrison, Paul McCartney, Ry Cooder, James Burton, David Lindley, Phil Pickett, Steve Cropper, and original Rebels, Larry Knechtel and Jim

 Among her academic papers 
 Disclosing an Unknown Source of the Eskimo Entry of Diderot & d’Alembert’s Encyclopédie. Journal of Literature and Art Studies, 9(11), 1139-1148.
  "Shamanism Influence in Inuit Art-Dorset Period", Journal of Literature and Art Studies, 2015, Vol. 5, N°4, p. 271-281.
 « Les “Esquimaux des Lumières”: archéologie d’un regard entravé », revue ANUAC,Vol.3, N°1, 2014, pp.1-19.
 « Des races monstrueuses aux peuples maudits, des préadamites aux Homines religiosi: l’image des Esquimaux dans la littérature de voyage (XVIe siècle-première moitié du XVIIIE siècle) », Internord, Revue Internationale d’Etudes Arctiques, n°21, Editions du Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (C.N.R.S), 2011, pp. 167–188.
 « L’œuvre internationale du Centre d’Etudes Arctique », Internord, Revue Internationale d’Etudes Arctiques, n°21, Editions du Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (C.N.R.S.), 2011, pp. 315–320.
 «L’immagine dell’Altro... », in Geostorie, Anno 18 - n.1-2 - gennaio -agosto 2010, pp. 193– 204.
 «Intervista a Jeorge Estevez, Taino. A lui non piace il sapote verde» in Sfumature di rosso. In Territorio Indiano con i Primi Americani a cura di Naila Clerici, Moncalieri, SOCONAS INCOMINDIOS, 2011, pp. 59–64.
 « Intermondes: jeu d’identités et réappropriation des racines. Un Inuit de la toundra à la guerre de Corée. », XXXII International Americanistic Studies Congress, Perugia, 2011.
 « Rêver l’Arctique et l’enseigner : les ambigü

Her music has been performed in Europe and America by ensembles such as the San Francisco Symphony, the Radio Symphony Orchestra of Frankfurt, the Atlantic Brass Quintet, and Ensemble Modern. In 1992 she was invited by the City of Munich to compose her puppet opera, Hero und Leander, for the 1992 Munich Biennale for New Music Theater.

Dr Epstein's work for piano,Waterbowls, has been described as "a luminous study in quiet sonorities and the ache of memory". Writing for The Boston Globe, David Weininger writes Epsteins's music "has the feel of suspension in space, fragile and almost static..." The International Trumpet Guild Journal comments on her exploration of color in the Two Canons for Seven Natural Trumpets.

Discography
Two Canons, Seattle Trumpet Consort: 2008
Doloroso, Apostolos Parskevas: 2006.
She Fell Into a Well of Sorrows, Kathleen Supove: 2003
The Five Chairs, Atlantic Brass Quintet: 2003. Summit Records DCD 396
The Parting Glass, Ulf Golnast: 1997.
The Five Chairs, Iowa Brass Quintet: 1997.
Waterbowls, Kathleen Supové: 1993.
Hypnagogia, Ludovico Ensemble: 2015

Selected works

Orchestral

Twylle [1999]; chamber orchestra; 6'
Pring [1998]; orchestra; 11'
Concerto Grosso for Cello, Double Bass and String Orchestra [1997]; 9'
Celestial Navigation [1988]; orchestra; 14'

Choral
Weather Patterns [2009]; SSATB chorus and cello
The Streets of Laredo [2000]; 3 tenor soloists, SSAAB choir, 7'
The Radiant Sisters [1995]; women's choir and chamber orchestra; 14'
Flower World; 3 poems from the Yaqui Deer Dance [1992]; chorus and chamber ensemble; 13'

Large ensemble
Bloom [2009]; English horn and wind ensemble; 17'.
Color Wheel [2005]; concert band; 3'
Chant [2001]; large ensemble, 13'
Victoria's Secret [1997]; 2 cellos, 2 double basses, 2 pianos; 9'
Kinderfarben [1988]; chamber ensemble; 12'

Brass
The View from my

Peter Dembowski

Heinz Peter Dembowski (1 April 1928, Berlin – 28 January 1971, Tübingen) was a German mathematician, specializing in combinatorics. He is known for the  and for Dembowski-Ostrom polynomials.

Education and career
Dembowski studied from 1948 to 1953 at Goethe University Frankfurt. He then spent three years in the USA first at Brown University and then at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. At Illinois he met Reinhold Baer, with whom he returned to Frankfurt in 1956 and received in 1957 his doctorate with thesis Verallgemeinerungen von Transitivitätsklassen endlicher projektiver Ebenen (Generalizations of Transitive Classes of Finite Projective Planes). In 1964 Dembowski was habilitated in Frankfurt. He was a visiting professor in 1962/3 at Queen Mary College in London, in 1965/66 at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, and in 1966/67 at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He was in the spring of 1965 a visiting professor at the University of Rome. In 1969 he was appointed to a professorial chair at the University of Tübingen, where he remained until his death in 1971.

The primary focus of Dembowski's research was finite geometries and their interrelations with group theory, about which he wrote an authoritative textbook. He proved the theorem, famous in finite geometry, that every inversive plane of even order n is isomorphic to the system of points and plane sections of an ovoid in a three-dimensional projective space over GF(n).

In 1962 he was an approved speaker (but not an invited speaker) with half-hour talk Partial planes with parallelism at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Stockholm.

His doctoral students include William Kantor.

Selected publications
 Kombinatorik. BI Hochschultaschenbücher 1970.
 Finite Geometries. Springer 1968, Ergebnisse der Mathematik und ihrer Grenzgebiete, reprinted in 1997 in Springer's series Classics of Mathematics, . 1997 reprint
 Endliche Geometrien. In: Mathematisch-Physikalische Semesterberichte. vol. 13, 1966, p. 32.

References

Category:1928 births
Category:1971 deaths
Category:20th-century German mathematicians
Category

Fulvio Cacace (died 1 December 2003) was an Italian chemist.

In 1963, while at the Sapienza University of Rome, he devised the decay technique for the study of organic radicals and carbenium cations.  The technique is based on the preparation of compounds containing the radioactive isotope tritium in place of common hydrogen.  When the tritium undergoes beta decay, it is turned into a helium-3 atom, that detaches from the parent molecule, leaving the desired cation or radical behind.

The technique has made it possible to study the chemistry of a vast number of such radicals and ions, in all sorts of environments, including solids, liquids, and gases.  In particular, it has provided much of the knowledge of the chemistry of the helium hydride ion, specifically .

Some publications
 (1966) "A Tracer Study of the Reactions of Ionic Intermediates Formed by Nuclear Decay of Tritiated Molecules. I. Methane-t4".
 (1970) "Gaseous Carbonium Ions from the Decay of Tritiated Molecules".
 (1973) "Gas-phase reaction of tert-butyl ions with arenes. Remarkable selectivity of a gaseous, charged electrophile".
 (1976) "Gas-phase alkylation of xylenes by tert-butyl(1+) ions".
 (1977) "Aromatic substitution in the gas phase. Ambident behavior of phenol toward t-C4H9+ cations".
 (1977) "Aromatic substitution in the liquid phase by bona fide free methyl cations. Alkylation of benzene and toluene".
 (1978) "Aromatic substitutions by []methyl decay ions. A comparative study of the gas- and liquid-phase attack on benzene and toluene".
 (1979) "Gas-phase reaction of free isopropyl ions with phenol and anisole".
 (1980) "Aromatic substitution in the gas phase. A comparative study of the alkylation of benzene and toluene with C3H7+ ions from the protonation of cyclopropane and propene".
 (1981) "Aromatic substitution in the gas phase. Alkylation of arenes by gaseous C4H9+ cations".
 (1982) "On the formation of adduct ions in gas-phase aromatic substitution".
 (1982) "Alkylation of nitriles with gaseous car

The area also hosts one of Mexico City's artificial beaches, called the Playa Villa Olympica. On busy days, this beach can receive as many as 5,000 visitors, requiring workers to go through the beach area every two hours just to pick up garbage. However, water quality in the various pools tends to suffer greatly during peak times.

The Pueblos area
The origins of the pueblos comes from the colonial period, when authorities worked to group dispersed bands of indigenous into villages centered around a church. This allowed them more control over the population and to regulate the economy. The pueblos in Tlalpan were mostly founded in the 16th century. In the most rural areas of Mexico City, some of these pueblos still exist intact. In Tlalpan, these include San Pedro Mártir, San Andrés Totoltepec, San Miguel Topilejo, San Miguel Xicalco, Parres el Guarda, Magdalena Petlacalco, San Miguel Ajusco and Santo Tomás Ajusco. The last two are often referred to together as “the two Ajuscos.”

The name Petlacalco means “house of palm mats.” It was one of the first villages established on the slopes of the Ajusco Mountain. It took the prefix of Magdalena to honor Mary Magdalene, as patron saint. The town is centered on a church built in 1725. It has one nave divided into three sections and a presbytery with a Neoclassical altar. On this altar is an image of Mary Magdalene which dates from the 18th century. The wooden main doors of the church were constructed much later, 1968. The town's saint's days are 1 January and 22 July. It also has a patron an image of the Señor de la Columna, an image of Jesus as he was tied to a post for flogging.  This image is brought out for procession and other honors on the first Friday of Lent. The village is surrounded by communal lands in which there are forests, surface water and landscapes that the residents are tasked with conserving. It is the site of El Arenal, a sand dune formed by the ash of the Xitle volcano. The area attracts families and other visitors who climb dunes.

Parres el Guarda was founded in the middle of the 19th century as a rail town, when the

 Before receiving federal aid, the Library Service Act required that each state submit a plan for library development in underserved areas, especially in rural areas.

1960 - 1985 
The 1960s brought about turmoil in libraries across the southern United States.  African-Americans attempted to access white libraries across the American South.  One of the most famous examples included the 1960 sit-in at Greenville, South Carolina.  Eight African-American students refused to leave the Greenville Public Library and were arrested but soon released.  A mere two months later the Greenville Public Library opened as an integrated facility. There was also the instance where two African-American ministers were attacked at the Anniston Public library when they attempted to integrate. Despite the deep-rooted feelings between African-Americans and Whites, most southern cities were more willing to integrate the public libraries over other public facilities.  According to Michael Fultz, "Of seventy-six southern cities with a population of fifty thousand or more in 1963, seventy-one had integrated main library facilities; sixteen of the twenty-one largest Deep South cities had integrated main libraries, although only two had integrated schools"   However, the significance of public library African-American integration in this decade should not be downplayed.

As libraries began to grow, so too did the discrimination regarding who could make use of the facilities. In some places, state and local governments were in support of segregation and in 1896 the Supreme Court upheld Plessy v. Ferguson which allowed the segregation of public places. Later, around 1902 Carnegie would fund the building of a public library in Atlanta which W.E.B. DuBois would speak out against as a place where “a full third of Atlanta’s population” would not be able to visit. Although, DuBois did not change the rulings of the law, his protests would bring about funding for “colored branches to the attention of philanthropists like Carnegie.” There were other libraries open for African Americans before 1921, but the first African American library to open in Atlanta would not be until July 25, 1921. The library included many notable librarians including Annie McPheeters who developed the non-circulating “Negro History Collection.” The city, in 1949, built a second branch to accommodate the rise in population and migration to the west side. Other areas in which libraries were built for the African American community include school libraries in Memphis, Tennessee (1903), Galveston, Texas (1904), and Jacksonville, Florida (19

Feelin' All Right

Feelin' All Right is the tenth studio album and twelfth album overall by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage.  Released in 1981, it was their only album on the A&M Records label.  Produced as a vinyl LP, it has not been released in CD format.

Feelin' All Right was the last studio album by the New Riders that featured both John "Marmaduke" Dawson and David Nelson as full-time band members (although Nelson made a guest appearance on 1992's Midnight Moonlight).  The two had co-founded the band in 1969 with Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead. Also included in the lineup was longtime member Buddy Cage on pedal steel guitar, along with guitarist Allen Kemp and drummer Patrick Shanahan.  Kemp wrote or co-wrote seven of the ten songs on the album, his first as a member of NRPS.

Track listing
Side one:
"Night for Making Love" (John Dawson, David Nelson, Allen Kemp) – 3:12
"No Other Love" (Dawson, Kemp) – 3:02
"The Way She Dances" (Dawson, Kemp) – 2:49
"Tell Me" (Kemp) – 3:26
"Fly Right" (Kemp) – 3:09
Side two:
"Crazy Little Girl" (Dawson, Kemp) – 3:20
"Full Moon at Midnight" (Dawson, Kemp) – 3:20
"Pakalolo Man" (Jack Miller) – 2:42
"Day Dreamin' Girl" (M. O'Gara) – 2:56
"Saralyn" (Dawson) – 2:50

Personnel

New Riders of the Purple Sage
John Dawson – guitar, vocals
David Nelson – guitar, vocals
Buddy Cage – pedal steel guitar
Allen Kemp – guitar, vocals
Patrick Shanahan – drums, vocals

Additional musicians
Michael White – bass
Andre Lewis – synthesizer

Production
Chuck Mellone – producer
Alex Kash – engineer
Jim Tronge – assistant engineer
Dave Curtin – assistant engineer
Frank DeLuna – mastering
Ed Caraeff – photography, design
Frank Fenter – executive supervision for Fast Forward Productions, Inc

Track listing

"Funny Man" - 4:36
Parody of "Whatta Man" by Salt-N-Pepa featuring En Vogue
A song about the attractiveness of comedians
"Insane and the Brain" - 3:43
Parody of "Insane in the Brain" by Cypress Hill
A song about Animaniacs stars Pinky and the Brain
"My Name Is Fred" - 1:52
Parody of "My Name Is Mud" by Primus
A song about Fred Flintstone, sung a cappella
"Cruis'n USA" - 2:00
Parody of "Surfin' U.S.A." by the Beach Boys
A song about the Nintendo 64 arcade video game Cruis'n USA.
"Spam (Let The Pork Be Pork)" - 3:43
Parody of "Slam" by Onyx
A song about food in general, with an emphasis on Spam.
"KFC Bitch" - 3:07
Parody of "KKK Bitch" by Body Count
A song about Kentucky Fried Chicken
"Star Wars Trilogy Homesick Blues" - 2:16
Parody of "Subterranean Homesick Blues" by Bob Dylan
A song about Star Wars, episodes 4-6
"Y.O.D.A." - 3:40
Parody of "Y.M.C.A." by the Village People
A song about Yoda of Star Wars and the training he gives to Luke Skywalker
"Mystery Science Theatre Picture Show" - 4:26
Parody of "Science Fiction/Double Feature" from the Rocky Horror Picture Show
A song about Mystery Science Theater 3000
"Murder Was The Play" - 4:26
Parody of "Murder Was The Case" by Snoop Dogg
A song that retells the story of Hamlet by William Shakespeare
"Wahdedah-dee" - 3:03
Parody of "Lodi Dodi" by Doug E. Fresh & MC Ricky D.
A song about the puppet characters of "Ray TV", a show produced by Luke Ski and his friends
"Ninja Butt" - 0:25
Mini-parody of "Da Butt" by E.U.
From "Ray TV", a song about the character 'Little White

Cáelbad

Cáelbad (Cáelbhadh, Caolbhadh, Caolbhaidh), son of Cronn Badhraoi, a descendant of Mal mac Rochride, was, according to Lebor Gabála Érenn, a High King of Ireland for a period of one year. Inneacht daughter of Lughaidh was the mother of Caolbhaidh son of Cronn Badhraoi; and he was slain by Eochaid Mugmedon.  The chronology of Geoffrey Keating's Foras Feasa ar Éirinn dates his reign to 343–344, that of the Annals of the Four Masters to 356–357.

Genealogy
According to Foras Feasa ar Éirinn, Caolbhaidh was a son of Cronn Badhraoi, son of Eochaidh Cobha, son of Lughaidh, son of Rossa, son of Iomchaidh, son of Feidhlimidh, son of Cas, son of Fiachaidh Aruidhe, son of Aonghus Gaibhnionn, son of Fearghus Foghlas, son of Tiobraide Tireach, son of Breasal, son of Fearb, son of Mal, son of Rochruidhe, son of Cathbhadh, son of Giallchaidh, son of Cunnchaidh, son of Fionnchaidh, son of Muireadhach, son of Fiachaidh Fionnamhnus, son of Irial Glunmhar, son of Conall Cearnach of the race of Ir son of Milidh.
Furthermore, John O'Hart's Irish Genealogies gives the line of descent onwards from
Caolbhaidh descendant is his son:-
92.Feargan: his son 
93.Mongan: his son 
94.Fogartach: his son 
95.Cruinnieth: his son 
96.Artan: his son 
97.Cuinncon: his son 
98.Crum na Cruach: his son 
99.Croncruach: his son 
100.Eochaidh: his son 
101.Searran: his son 

Plays

 Amli अमली
 Batohi बटोही ()
 Dharti Aaba धरती आबा
 Daaliya दालिया (based on a story by Rabindranath Tagore)
 Mati Gadi माटी गाडी (Adaption of Mrichchakatikam, a Sanskrit play written by Shudrak)
 Maila Aanchal मैला आँचल (Adaptation of a novel by Phanishwar Nath 'Renu')

Short story collections
 Sankalit Kahaniyan  संकलित कहानियाँ
 Pratinidhi Kahaniyan प्रतिनिधि कहानियाँ 
 Halant हलंत
 Pattharkat पथरकट
 Vadhsthal se chalang वधस्थल से छ्लाँग
 Bandha Hai Kaal बँधा है काल
 Tuti Ki Aawaz तूती की आवाज़ ()
 Vasant ke Hatyare वसंत के हत्यारे ()

Theatre criticism
 Rang Manch Ka Jantantra -a book of theatre criticism रँगमंच का जनतंत्र (collection of Sulabh's article on theatre) ()
 Regular column on theatre activities in KATHADESH, a Hindi monthly
 Regular column on theatre for a while in Hindi news magazine Lokayat
 Articles in various other newspapers and magazines Jagaran, Dainik Hindustan, Rashtriya Sahara
 Shabdankan (शब्दांकन)
 Sarika
 Dharmyug
 Lahar
 Sakshatkar
 Kathayatra
 Ravivar
 Vasudha
 Samya
 Ab kahani visheshank
 Vartman Sahity
 Hans
 Kathan
 Sabrang-Jansatta visheshank
 Kathadesh
 India Today and Sahity visheshank of India Today
 Lokmat vishes

Bible conspiracy theory

A Bible conspiracy theory is any conspiracy theory that posits that much of what is known about the Bible is a deception created to suppress some secret, ancient truth. Some of these theories claim that Jesus really had a wife and children, or that a group such as the Priory of Sion has secret information about the true descendants of Jesus; some claim that there was a secret movement to censor books that truly belonged in the Bible, etc.

This subject should not be confused with deliberately fictional Bible conspiracy theories. A number of bestselling modern novels, the most popular of which was The Da Vinci Code, have incorporated elements of Bible conspiracy theories to flesh out their storylines, rather than to push these theories as actual suggestions.

Common theories

Jesus-myth theory

Some proponents of the Jesus-myth or Christ-myth theory consider that the whole of Christianity is a conspiracy. American author Acharya S (Dorothy Murdock) in The Christ Conspiracy: The Greatest Story Ever Sold (1999) argues that Jesus and Christianity were created by members of various secret societies, mystery schools and religions to unify the Roman Empire under one state religion, and that these people drew on numerous myths and rituals which existed previously and then constructed them into Christianity that exists today. In the 1930s British spiritualist Hannen Swaffer's home circle, following the teachings of the native-American spirit "Silver Birch", also claimed a Jesus-myth.<ref>A. W. Austen The Teachings of Silver Birch London: The Spiritualist Press, 1938</ref>

Church suppression of reincarnation conspiracy
Some New Age believers consider that Jesus taught reincarnation but the Christian Church suppressed it. Geddes MacGregor in Reincarnation in Christianity (1978) suggests that Origen’s texts written in support of the belief in reincarnation somehow disappeared or were suppressed.

Jesus, Mary Magdalene and the Holy Grail
Some common hypotheses are that:
 Mary Magdalene was one of the apostles of Jesus, possibly even the only disciple, but this was suppressed by the early Church.
 Jesus had an intimate relationship with Mary Magdalene which may or may not have resulted in marriage, and/or children; their continued bloodline is then said to be Christianity's deepest secret.The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail, by Michael Baigent,

Modernization programs 
The following acquisition programs is in-line with the ongoing AFP modernization program.

Philippine Air Force
 The Department of National Defense is working for the immediate delivery of at least 4 of the total 12 FA-50 fighter jets plans to purchase from South Korea. The Department of National Defense has begun negotiations with the Korean Aerospace Industries (KAI) while it is waiting for Malacañang's final approval of the sales agreement. It will be a government-to-government procurement that requires multi-year obligational authority from the Department of Budget and Management. After the confirmation of the sales agreement and the multi-year obligational authority from DBM, the formal negotiations can start and schedule the delivery of at least 4 fighter jets. The government is moving closer to acquiring 12 FA-50 fighter jets for the air force after the defense department's Bids and Awards Committee (BAC) approved the terms of reference for the project. Once the terms of reference are approved with finality, the defense department could begin negotiations with the aircraft supplier, the state-run Korean Aerospace Industries (KAI). The negotiations are hoped to be finished by August. The negotiations were completed on Feb. 21, 2014. The Department of National Defense Special Bids and Awards Committee approved the offer of Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) in a meeting that was held in Camp Aguinaldo. On Mar. 28, 2014, it was announced by the state arms procurement agency of South Korea that South Korea signed a US$420 million contract Friday to export 12 FA-50 fighter jets built by Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) to the Philippines under a government-to-government deal.
 The Philippine Air Force has signed a contract for eight AW109 Power light twin helicopters. These aircraft will be used to perform a range of duties including homeland security, armed reconnaissance and close support. Deliveries will start in 2014. The contract also includes initial logistics support and training for aircrew and maintenance personnel.  The Department of National Defense (Philippines) stated that the project involved the purchase of eight helicopters with full night operation capability, complete weapons system and integrated logistics support package. Two companies expressed their interest in the bidding process of the eight attack helicopters. Representatives of AgustaWestland and Eurocopter attended the pre-bid conference for the purchase of eight attack helicopters. Other companies including Bell Helicopter, FN Herstal, Elbit Systems and Boeing Company also sent representatives.
 The Department

Shaochilong (meaning "shark toothed dragon") is a genus of carcharodontosaurid dinosaur from the mid Cretaceous (Turonian stage) Ulansuhai Formation of China (about 92 million years ago). The type species, S. maortuensis, was originally named Chilantaisaurus maortuensis, but was re-described and reclassified in 2009.

Description 

The individual which IVPP V2885.1 belonged to was probably adult or nearly adult individual, due to the fusion of many elements of the braincase. Shaochilong's length – based on the length of the maxillary tooth row – is estimated at . Estimated length of the femur is 61.5 cm which suggests the whole animal weighted approximately . This made Shaochilong an uncharacteristically small carcharodontosaurid, in contrast with other members of the family, which were among the largest carnivorous animals on earth. Nevertheless, as an unambiguous example of a fairly large carnosaur in middle Cretaceous Asia, it provides information on the ecosystem of this setting and is evidence that carcharodontosaurids persisted through the middle cretaceous and that large tyrannosaurids (such as Tyrannosaurus) did not dominate Laurasia until the very end of the Cretaceous.

According to the proportions of its maxilla, Shaochilong was a relatively short-faced carcharodontosaur. In combination with its comparatively small size, it could have had a unique ecological role in comparison to other members of the family.

Shaochilong can be distinguished from other carcharodontosaurids due to having the following autapomorphies:
 A reduced and nearly absent maxillary antorbital fossa.
 No paradental groove on the medial surface of the maxilla.
 Deep vertical grooves located dorsally on the maxillary interdental plates.
 A pneumatic recess which penetrates to the posterior end of the nasal.
 A deep sagittal crest on the frontal.
 A large pneumatic foramen in the anterodorsal corner of the prootic's dorsal tympanic recess.

History
The material referred to Shaochilong, IVPP V.2885.1-7, consisting of skull fragments (a braincase, partial skull roof, quadrates, and a right maxilla), axis and six caudal vertebrae. A fragmentary left maxilla

The Globe Museum () is a museum in the Palais Mollard, Vienna, Austria, part of the Austrian National Library. It was opened in 1956, and is the only public museum in the world devoted to globes, being three-dimensional models of Earth or other celestial bodies, or spherical representations of the celestial sphere.

History
As early as the 19th century, there was a globe collection within the Vienna Imperial Library, the forerunner to the Austrian National Library. The globes in this collection were acquired either as purchases or as gifts (for example, Vincenzo Coronelli created two globes especially for Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor from 1658 to 1705, with each globe having an engraved portrait of the Emperor and an inscription).

In 1921, the geographer, Eugen Oberhummer, conducted an inventory of the collection and found eight globes of various sizes (both terrestrial and celestial), and two armillary spheres. In 1922, these globes were transferred to the National Library's map collection where, by 1948, there were already 28 globes. In the annual report of the director of the collection in 1948, it was noted that the globes were among the collection's most rarely used items.

In 1956, the National Library opened the Globe Museum with a total of 63 exhibits. Its foundation collection was a combination of the imperial collection and the collections of The International Coronelli Society for the Study of Globes, and the cartographer Robert Haardt, who had been instrumental in the museum's establishment.

The museum was originally housed in the Augustinian tract of the Hofburg in Josefsplatz, Vienna, as part of the National Library's map collection. In 1970 and 1986, the museum was allocated new rooms within the same tract.

During the museum's first 30 years, its collection grew to 145 items by purchase, gift and exchange with other museums. By 1996, the museum had 260 exhibits. Since the end of 2005 the museum has been accommodated at the Palais Mollard in the Herrengasse.

Collection
There are now approximately 600 terrestrial and celestial globes in the collection, and around 200 of them are constantly on display. The majority of them date from before 1850.

The oldest item in the collection is the terrestrial globe of Gemma Frisius (circa 1536). Highlights are the globes of Vincenzo Coronelli ( diameter) and

But his recommendations apparently did not consider the particular circumstances of the Polish socioeconomic environment, which his report would have helped show. A mechanism for "automatic budgeting stability, restraint, and control", previously implanted in Colombia, Chile and Ecuador, was the same as the one that was to be implemented in Poland, a country that even with Pilsudski at the helm, was famous for its political instability.

In the end it all came down to the prestige brought by the advisor and the ceremony of the apparent implementation of his plan by the country that invited him, as Kemmerer himself admitted: "A country that appoints American financial advisers and follows their advice in reorganizing its finances, along what American investors consider to be the most successful modern lines, increases its chances of appealing to the American investor and of obtaining from him capital on favorable terms."

Though Kemmerer suggested that the Poles take out only a $15 million loan for stabilization of the national currency, they negotiated a private one with the American banks B.A. Tompkins and Bankers Trust for $61 million, of which $15 million were for development – leaving 45 million dollars for the stabilization of the zloty, or nearly four times what Kemmerer had recommended.

Though the loan was meant to lead to further ones that would strengthen Poland's financial system and promote its economic development, in mid-1928 foreign lending from Wall Street dried up as the Fed raised interest rates and a domestic speculative boom got underway. Kemmerer, and the US's attempts to stabilize the Polish economy failed as the country sank further into political instability.

Publications

"Economic Advisory Work for Governments," in American Economic Review 17, no. 1 (March 1927), 1-12. 

Gold and The Gold Standard: The Story of Gold Money Past, Present, and Future  published in 1944.

Further reading
Drake, Paul W. The Money Doctor in the Andes: The Kemmerer Missions, 1923-1933. (1989)
Seidel, Robert N. "American Reformers Abroad: The Kemmerer Missions in South America," in Journal of Economic History 32, no. 2 (June 1972): 520-545.

References

External links
 Edwin Kemmerer Papers at the Seeley G. Mudd Manuscript Library, Princeton University
 
 

Category:1875 births
Category:1945 deaths
Category:Cornell University alumni
Category

Andrew Brace

Andrew Brace is a former rugby union player and current rugby union referee who represents the Irish Rugby Football Union. Brace has refereed matches in the Pro14, the European Rugby Challenge Cup and the European Rugby Champions Cup. Brace refereed the 2014–15 British and Irish Cup final and the 2015–16 All-Ireland League final. In 2017 he began refereeing test matches.

Early life
Brace was born in Cardiff, Wales to Irish parents. He started playing rugby union in Cardiff when he was 12. In his youth Brace also played the violin. He is a grade eight violinist. His violin teacher was the mother of Gethin Jones. Between 2006 and 2009 Brace attended the University of St Mark & St John where he gained a BA in sports science and coaching. Between 2010 and 2017 Brace worked as a community rugby officer for Munster Rugby. He previously worked as a community development officer for Cardiff Blues. Brace continued working as a community rugby officer until 2017 when, together with  George Clancy, John Lacey and  Joy Neville he was one of seven referees offered professional contracts by the IRFU.

Playing career

Clubs
While working as a community rugby officer for Munster Rugby, Brace also played both rugby union for Old Crescent.

Belgium international
While playing for Old Crescent, Brace was contacted by an agent to play for the Belgium national rugby union team. Brace qualified to represent Belgium through his father's family. He subsequently helped Belgium win the 2012 Emirates Cup of Nations. He also played for Belgium in the 2012–14 European Nations Cup First Division. However his international career ended after he suffered a run of injuries. Brace also played for the Belgium national rugby sevens team.

Refereeing career

Early years
While still working as a community rugby officer for Munster Rugby, Brace attended a  schools tournament and was asked to referee a match because they were short of an official. The match was between Abbey CBS and St Mary's Town School. He was encouraged to take up refereeing by John Lacey. Brace subsequently took charge of matches in both the British and Irish Cup and All-Ireland League. On 3 April 2015 he refereed the 2014–15 British and Irish Cup final between Worcester Warriors and Doncaster Knights. On 7 May 2016 he refereed the 2015–16 All-Ireland League final between Clont

Edward F. "Butch" Songin (May 11, 1924 – May 12, 1976) was a quarterback for the Boston College Eagles, the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Rugby Union, and for the American Football League's Boston Patriots and the New York Titans. He also was an All-American defenseman for the BC Eagles ice hockey team.

College career
From 1947 to 1949, Songin was the starting quarterback for the Boston College Eagles. He completed 192 of 385 passes for 2,534 yards, 30 touchdowns, and 24 interceptions.

Songin was a Hockey All-American for Boston College in 1948. He was a member of the 1948–1949 national championship team. He was captain of the 1949–50 squad and also won All-American. He was a founding member of the Pike's Peak Hockey Club. Today it is Boston College's oldest hockey booster organizations. Songin also played 1 game for the Worcester Warriors of the Eastern Hockey League during the 1954–55 season. His nephew Tom Songin played right wing for the Boston Bruins

Professional career
In 1950 Songin played three games for the Erie Vets of the AFL (formerly the American Association) before being sidelined by an injury, damaging the team's chances of a championship.

From 1953 to 1954, Songin played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union, predecessor of the Canadian Football League. He won the Grey Cup in his rookie season in 1953.

In 1960 Songin signed with the Boston Patriots of the newly created American Football League. On September 9, 1960, Songin played in the first ever AFL game, against the Denver Broncos. In his first season with Boston he completed 187 of 392 passes for 2,476 yards, 22 touchdowns, and 15 interceptions. In 1961, he split starting duties with Babe Parilli. He completed 98 of 212 passes for 1,429 yards, 14 touchdowns, and 9 interceptions. In 1962, he was the opening day quarterback for the New York Titans, but was replaced by Lee Grosscup. He played in 7 games, completing 42 of 90 passes for 442 yards, 2 touchdowns, and 7 interceptions.

Death
Songin died of cancer May 12, 1976 at his home in Foxboro, Massachusetts. He was 52 years old. At the time of his death, he was chief probation officer in the Wrentham District Court.  He left his widow, Catherine E

Willem Arnold Alting

Willem Arnold Alting (11 November 1724 – 7 June 1800) was a Dutch colonial administrator who served as Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1780 to 1797.

Born in Groningen, Alting studied in his hometown and graduated in law. He left on 18 October 1750 for the East Indies on board the De Middelburg as an onderkoopman (underbuyer/undermerchant) for the Dutch East India Company (VOC). He spent the rest of his life in the Indies. In 1754 he became koopman (buyer/merchant) and in 1759 First Secretary to the government. In 1763 he became Counsellor-extraordinary (Buitengewoon Raad) and in 1772 full Counsellor (Raad ordinaris). In 1777, he became First Counsellor (Eerste Raad) was named Director-General.

From March 1780 he was acting Governor-General, because of the sickness of his predecessor, Reynier de Klerck. Following the death of De Klerck, on 1 September 1780, he was chosen by the Dutch Council of the Indies as provisional Governor-General. He carried on this function for seventeen years.

De Klerck had wanted to bring the use of Dutch into the educational system, but Alting revoked this in 1786, so that Malay and Portuguese were once again used. Alting's term of office was marked by a steep decline of the Dutch East India Company and its power in the Indies. 

Three months after he took up post, the Netherlands went to war with Great Britain (in the 1780–1784 Fourth Anglo-Dutch War) and a great part of the territory of Dutch East India Company was occupied by the British. The government in Batavia (Jakarta) did not, on the whole, offer much resistance. Following the 1784 Peace of Paris, Britain obtained the right to unhindered trade in the East Indies. The Dutch had to cede Negapatam in India to the British. The image of the Dutch in the eyes of the local rulers was thoroughly shattered.

From the Netherlands, three Commissioners-General were sent to work with Alting to reorganise. On the way there, one of them died and Alting managed to get his son-in-law Johannes Siberg to take his place. The Al

At times personally conflicted about continuing Mormon Stories, Dehlin stopped and restarted the project a few times.  In January 2010 Dehlin resumed the blog and podcast, focusing on faith crises, mental illnesses, and notable guests, beginning with interviews of Joanna Brooks and John C. Hamer.  Among numerous other regular hosts who have joined Dehlin in conducting interviews for the podcast were Dan Wotherspoon, former editor of Sunstone magazine, and Natasha Helfer Parker, a licensed clinical marriage and family therapist.

In 2015, Dehlin said Stories episodes had "tens of thousands" of listeners and that the webcast's "goal has always been to alleviate suffering. It’s an act of love."  Dehlin was excommunicated for apostasy by the LDS Church in 2015. 

In 2016 the Open Stories foundation reported Dehlin's 2017 salary and bonus was $82,500 and $27,000 respectively.

Mormon Stories content focuses on the criticism of LDS Doctrine and Practices and advertises for Dehlin's faith transition workshops and life coaching services.

Criticism
In 2013, a critical review of Mormon Stories by Gregory L. Smith was published in Interpreter: A Journal of Mormon Scripture. In the review, Smith alleges that "Dehlin is frequently uninformed of the often controversial material he discusses with interviewees, and that he promotes views hostile to the foundational beliefs of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints". The pending publication of the piece catalyzed within the Mormon studies community a discussion (referred to by some as the Dehlin affair) about the roles of apologetic and non-faith-based scholarship, respectively, within the academic study of Mormonism by Mormons.

Guests
Featured guests of the podcast include Latter-day Saints considered orthodox, "curious," doubters and heretics. These have included:

Guests have also included an number of "NeverMos" (short for "never-Mormons")  who have either backgrounds in "comparative religions/cults" or histories of being associated with the Church of Latter-day Saints without ever becoming members. These include:

See also
Bloggernacle
Blogs about Mormons and Mormonism
Sunstone Magazine
Stay LDS

References

External links
 Mormon Stories: A Note

Recently, interest in van Gilse has increased, helped by the publication of his autobiography (edited by Hans van Dijk) and a biography. The German label CPO has recorded his four completed symphonies, with plans under way to record the opera Thijl in the near future, all under the direction of conductor David Porcelijn.

Selected list of works
Symphonies:
Symphony No. 1 in F major (1900–01; recorded)
Symphony No. 2 in E flat major (1902–1903; recorded)
Symphony No. 3 in D minor, "Erhebung" for soprano and orchestra (1903; recorded)
Symphony No. 4 in A major (1910–1915; recorded)
Symphony No. 5 in D major (Fragment; 1922)
Orchestral works:
Concert Overture in C minor (1900; recorded)
Variations on a St. Nicholas Song (1908; recorded)
Three Dance Sketches for piano and small orchestra (1925–26; recorded as "Piano Concerto")
Prologus brevis (1928)
Praeludium to "Der Kreis des Lebens" (1928)
Small Waltz (1936)
Treurmuziek bij den dood van Uilenspiegel, from the opera Thijl (1940; recorded)
Andante con moto (date uncertain, after 1935)
Works for voice(s) & orchestra:
Sulamith, cantata for soprano and orchestra (1901–02; recorded)
Eine Lebensmesse, cantata after Richard Dehmel (1903–04; recorded)
Gitanjali Songs for soprano and orchestra
Der Kreis des Lebens, cantata (1928–1929)
Rotterdam, declamatorium on a text by Jan Prins (unfinished; 1942)
Operas:
Frau Helga von Stavern, opera on a text by Van Gilse, in German (1911–13)
Thijl, opera after Charles de Coster's novel The heroic, jolly and notorious acts of Uilenspiegel and Lamme Goedzak in Flanders Country and elsewhere, on a libretto by Hendrik Lindt (1940; recorded)
Chamber Pieces:


The Carmarthen transmitting station was originally built by the BBC in 1964/65 as a relay for VHF radio and VHF television. The site was built on a 135 m ridge to the north of Carmarthen itself, and entered service on 15 March 1965. The transmission station is now owned and operated by Arqiva.

UHF 625-line colour television was never radiated from this site: the main transmitter at Carmel (20 km to the east) provided that service to the town from 1973 when it opened.

The 405-line VHF television service closed across the UK in 1985, but according to the BBC's transmitter list and the BBC's internal "Eng. Inf." magazine, Carmarthen was due to close early - in the first quarter of 1982. From that point onwards the site just relayed FM radio until 6 June 2011 when a single multiplex of DAB radio was added.

Channels listed by frequency

Analogue television

15 March 1965 - First Quarter 1982
The site provided BBC 405-line VHF television to the towns of Carmarthen and Abergwili which, being sited in a river estuary, could not reliably receive a signal from Wenvoe, 85 km to the east.

Analogue radio (VHF FM)

15 March 1965 - January 1973
According to the BBC's R&D report, the original frequencies for the FM radio services were as shown below.

January 1973 - May 1978
The three original radio services were still on their original frequencies as late as January 1973, but ERPs had been slightly increased to 10 W per channel by then. By May 1978 all three transmission frequencies had been moved by 400 kHz  and all three were transmitting in stereo by that time.

† Radio 4 was replaced by BBC Radio Cymru when it launched in January 1977.

May 1978 - Late 1980s
The new frequency plan continued unchanged until Radio 1 gained its own frequency.

Late 1980s - present
Radio 1 was given its own frequency as more of Band II became available for broadcasting after the bandplan changes of 1988.

Digital radio (DAB)

6 June 2011 - present

References

External links
 MB21's page on BBC 405 TV to Wales and the West
 405 Alive's list of transmitters"
 More details on 405-line BBC transmitters
 The Transmission Gallery: Carmarthen

Moti Mahal Delux is a global chain of restaurants with over 150 franchises in India and around the world. After the partition of India in 1947, the first Moti Mahal in Delhi founded by Kundan Lal Jaggi, Kundan Lal Gujral and Thakur Dass was one of the first restaurants to introduce the Punjabi cuisine to the rest of the world and many famous dishes include tandoori chicken, butter chicken and  dal makhani.

History 
'Moti Mahal' was founded by   Kundan Lal Jaggi, Kundan Lal Gujral, and Thakur Dass in Delhi in 1947, they worked at a small eatery called Moti Mahal, owned by a man named 'Mokha Singh' in Peshawar, British India, from 1920's to 1947. Moti Mahal was the first to dig up a tandoor right in the middle of the eatery and since then Peshawar was introduced to the culinary art of tandoori chicken by them. This was a success and soon there was in demand for Tandoori at social gatherings and wedding feasts where they would use an improvised tandoor.
 

After the partition of India in 1947, they fled to Delhi with their family. In Delhi, the 3 partners bought a thara (booth) in Daryaganj area, then considered a newer part of Old Delhi and then they started Moti Mahal, Daryaganj 
Moti Mahal further went on to invent  butter chicken and dal makhani. This brought about a revolution in taste and a place on the International Gourmet Map.

Thus was born the Moti Mahal Restaurant, which contributed significantly to putting India on the food map of the world. Indian leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru, Indira Gandhi, Zakir Hussain among various foreign dignitaries like Richard Nixon, John F. Kennedy and Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. have visited Moti Mahal to sample Moti Mahal’s innovations – its tandoori delicacies on various occasions. And M. Maulana Azad, the great Muslim leader, reportedly told the Shah of Iran that while in India he must make two visits – to the Taj Mahal and Moti Mahal. Later in 1970`s Kundan Lal’s son Mr Nand Lal '

Ross has a dream of riding off to Mexico to retire from the hard work of the range, but he doesn't have much money saved up. Frank suggests they rob a bank and head for Mexico together.

While Ross thinks this over, he and Frank brawl with Hansen's men at a saloon. Buckman intends to withhold their pay to make restitution for the saloon's damages.

Desperate for money now, Ross agrees to the holdup. He takes banker Billings to town at gunpoint while Frank holds the banker's wife, Sada, hostage at home. Ross rides back with $36,000. Before making a getaway, he gives Billings $3,000 so that Buckman's other cowboys won't lose any pay they have coming.

Sada tells her husband to keep the money and not inform the sheriff. A posse is formed that includes Buckman's two sons, hot-tempered John and easy-going Paul, told by their father that no cowhand of his is going to get away with breaking the law.

Ross and Frank get as far as Arizona and go into town for supplies. Ross hires a prostitute while Frank plays poker. A card player dislikes Frank's winning of a huge pot and shoots him in the leg. Ross comes to his partner's aid and a shootout commences, leaving several people dead.

Back home, Buckman and Hansen have a run-in that results in both their deaths. John and Paul hear about their father's fate from a Tucson sheriff. Paul wants to turn back but John becomes obsessed with fulfilling the old man's last request, catching the bank robbers.

Frank refuses to see a doctor, and his leg injury grows much worse. Ross has to pull him behind a horse on a stretcher. Frank dies from the wound just before John and Paul turn up on the trail, where Ross is gunned down. Disgusted with the entire affair and sorry he had to shoot Ross, Paul rides off, leaving John alone struggling to return Ross' dead body to the scene of his crime.

The movie ends with a flashback of Ross riding a bucking bronc while Frank cheers him on.

Cast
 William Holden as Ross Bodine
 Ryan O'Neal as Frank Post
 Karl Malden as Walt Buckman
 Joe Don Baker as Paul Buckman
 Tom Skerritt as John Buckman
 James Olson as Joe

Biography
Ganapati Muni was born in Kalavarayai near Bobbili in Andhra Pradesh on 17 November 1878. His parents, Narasimha Sastri and Narasamamba had three sons, Muni being the second. Ganapati, when 18 years old, set out and wandered from one place to another, residing in places like Bhuvaneshwar, where he performed his tapas. When Ganapati was staying in Varanasi he learned of an assembly of Sanskrit scholars in the city of Nabadwip in Bengal. He participated in it and on passing the tests in extempore Sanskrit prose and poetry, was conferred the title 'Kavyakantha'. He was then 22 years old. He returned home at the age of 25. From Kanchipuram he came to Arunachala (Tiruvannamalai) in 1903 to perform tapas. At that time he visited Ramana Maharshi, who was then known as Brahmanaswami, before he accepted a teaching post in Vellore in 1904. He wrote his devotional epic hymn "Uma Sahasram," One Thousand Verses on Uma (goddess Parvathi), after accepting Ramana Maharshi as his Guru on 18 November 1907. He also met Sri Aurobindo on 15 August 1928. Ganapati Muni died at Kharagpur on 25 July 1936.

Influence
Ganapati Muni's teachings are laid out in his magnum opus, 'Uma Sahasram' and other works like 'Mahavidyadi Sutras'. They helped to reduce popular prejudice about the teachings of Tantra.

His students include T.V. Kapali Sastry.

Literary works
 Umasahasram
  An anthology of the teachings of Ramana Maharshi, along with English translations.

References 
Books
Gunturu, Lakshmi Kantam. (1958). NAYANA: Kavyakantha Vasishtha Ganapati Muni : Biography in Telugu. J.V.S.Lakshmi, Chennai. (Latest reprint : 2013).

Krishna, G. (1978). Nayana: Kavyakantha Vasishtha Ganapati Muni : biography. Madras: Kavyakantha

Green organized "much-publicized protests at the annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day events hosted by Governor Pataki from 1995 through 1999."

She briefly attended Albany Law School, in 1990, but did not complete her law degree.

Political campaigns
In 1998, Green ran for Lieutenant Governor on the Green Party of New York State ticket with Al "Grandpa" Lewis, and gained over 52,000 votes.

In 2005, she was a candidate for Mayor of Albany, which garnered significant local publicity.  She lost the race against incumbent Mayor Jerry Jennings, but garnered about 25% of the vote in November.

In 2008, Green served as a member of the "Committee to fill vacancies" for Green Presidential candidate Cynthia McKinney, but was later a contributor to Democrat Barack Obama.

Recent work

Green has been the Executive Director of The Center for Law and Justice, a not-for-profit community organization, for many years.  That group is part of the "Community Empowerment Center."  As part of her work, she is an EEO compliance officer.

She is an adjunct professor at the University at Albany, and writes and lectures frequently on racism and criminal justice issues. She is often sought out by members of the media for comment on such issues. In an interview for NEWS10, she said that if the SUNY Albany students (Alexis Briggs, Ariel Agudio and Asha Burwell - ABC STUDENTS), did attack first and were the ones being racist, they should be asked to apologise. And not be punished. NEWS10 Video

She is the co-author, with Frankie Y. Bailey, of a book, "Law Never Here: A Social History of African American Responses to Issues of Crime and Justice" (1999).  They also wrote "Wicked Albany: Lawlessness & Liquor in the Prohibition Era."

Legacy and personal life
Green has won numerous awards for her activism in the Capital District, including from the New York State Bar Association, NAACP, and Rockefeller College.

She has gained considerable notoriety over the years from her political stances, as well as racist and vicious criticism directed at her.

Her papers have been collected for the library at the University of Albany.

She is married to Charles L. Touhey, President of Touhey Associates, who also serves on the board of the Center

At the Berlin Radio Show in August 1931, Ardenne gave the world's first public demonstration of a television system using a cathode ray tube for both transmission and reception. (Ardenne never developed a camera tube, using the CRT instead as a flying-spot scanner to scan slides and film.) Ardenne achieved his first transmission of television pictures on 24 December 1933, followed by test runs for a public television service in 1934. The world's first electronically scanned television service then started in Berlin in 1935, culminating in the live broadcast of the 1936 Summer Olympic Games from Berlin to public places all over Germany.

In 1937, Ardenne developed the scanning transmission electron microscope.  During World War II, he took part in the study and application of radar.

In 1941 the "" of the "Preußische Akademie der Wissenschaften" was awarded to Ardenne, and in January 1945, he received the title of "Reichsforschungsrat" (Empire Research Advisor).

In the Soviet Union

Von Ardenne, Gustav Hertz, Nobel laureate and director of Research Laboratory II at Siemens,  Peter Adolf Thiessen, ordinarius professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin and director of the Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für physikalische Chemie und Elektrochemie (KWIPC) in Berlin-Dahlem, and Max Volmer, ordinarius professor and director of the Physical Chemistry Institute at the Berlin Technische Hochschule, had made a pact.  The pact was a pledge that whoever first made contact with the Russians would speak for the rest.  The objectives of their pact were threefold: (1) Prevent plunder of their institutes, (2) Continue their work with minimal interruption, and (3) Protect themselves from prosecution for any political acts of the past. Before the end of World War II, Thiessen, a member of the NSDAP, had Communist contacts.  On 27 April 1945, Thiessen arrived at von Ardenne's institute in an armored vehicle with a major of the Soviet Army, who was also a leading Soviet chemist, and they issued Ardenne a protective letter (Schutzbrief).

All four of the pact members were taken to the Soviet Union.  Von Ardenne was made head of Institute A, in Sinop, a suburb of Sukhumi

Professional career

2009
Muñoz turned professional in September 2009, two weeks prior to the first stage of the LPGA Tour Qualifying Tournament in California, in which she finished second and advanced to the final stage in December.

Back in Spain, she received a sponsor's exemption into the 2009 Madrid Ladies Masters, and made her professional debut on 1 October on the Ladies European Tour (LET). After shooting a 64 (−9) in the final round, she won the three-round event on the first playoff hole, defeating former ASU teammate Anna Nordqvist with an eagle putt; Muñoz earned €50,000 and a three-year LET exemption.

Following a rain-shortened one-round victory in Barcelona for €5,000 on the Banesto mini-tour in late October, Muñoz finished fifth at the LPGA Final Qualifying Tournament in December in Florida to earn full playing privileges on the LPGA Tour for 2010. She ended the year ranked 179th in the Women's World Golf Rankings.

2010
In her rookie season of 2010, Muñoz made the cut in her first eleven events, and won over $402,000 in LPGA competition with two top ten finishes. She made the top twenty in the three majors she played, was 30th on the money list, and 17th in scoring. Muñoz handily won the competition for LPGA Tour Rookie of the Year with 704 points; the runner-up was compatriot Beatriz Recari with 419.

She won an additional €26,380 in five events on the Ladies European Tour (total 2010 LET earnings were €96,633 in seven events, with €70,253 from the two events co-sanctioned by the LPGA). Muñoz ended the year at 41st in the world rankings.

2012
Muñoz notched her first LPGA Tour victory at the Sybase Match Play Championship in Gladstone, New Jersey with a 2 and 1 victory over Candie Kung.  In the semifinal round of match play against Morgan Pressel, Muñoz trailed by two through 11 holes. Pressel appeared to have won the 12th hole, which would have given her a three-hole lead over Muñoz, but a slow-play penalty was ruled against Pressel. Muñoz ended up winning the semifinal match against Pressel, 2 and 1. The victory in May vaulted Muñoz from 27

Demarest Building

The Demarest Building is a multi-purpose commercial building located at 339 Fifth Avenue in the borough of Manhattan, New York City, United States. It was built by Aaron T. Demarest in 1890 in the downtown commerce district to showcase the high-end carriages that he manufactured. The building is notable for being the first with an electric elevator.

Description 

The Demarest Building is situated on the northeast corner of Fifth Avenue and 33rd Street, across from the Empire State Building. It was designed by Renwick, Aspinwall & Russell. The building, with the first electric elevator, was on Fifth Avenue directly across the street from William Waldorf Astor’s mansion, where the Waldorf–Astoria hotels (and the Empire State Building) were built later. The Demarest Building housed the high-end carriage manufacturer A. T. Demarest & Company. There were three mansion houses of brownstone construction previously at this location, with the addresses of 335, 337, and 339 Fifth Avenue. 

The iron-framed building, built by Aaron T. Demarest, is four stories high and originally had a stone-clad base. The exterior brick is buff-colored and has terra cotta medallions and panels that accent the façade. The three-story arched openings are separated by brick pilasters on the front of the building. The architects designed these arches with windows so the interior's showrooms were illuminated with plenty of light. The original two-story windows were cast metal bays built within the building's front arches. This Beaux-Arts architecture style building with large arches is said to resemble Carnegie Hall.

History 

In 1893 the Demarest Building caught fire which destroyed many of the carriages. The Hotel Waldorf was across the street and the guests were awakened by the noise of the fire engines. They watched as the fire ravaged the building and its contents. At the time there were over 200 high-end carriages in the building valued at $150,000. The fire totally destroyed twenty carriages in the repair shop and damaged the others throughout the building to one degree or another. The fire was fueled by the seasoned wood, paints, oils, and varnishes used in production. The fire was not extinguished until almost 6 A.M.

The Demarest Building was later converted to offices and work areas for small manufacturers. In 1913 Dr. Friedrich Franz Friedmann, who claimed to

Westminster & 5th

Westminster & 5th was released in 2007 and is the fifth studio album by Beowülf and the first since 2¢ (1995) and the subsequent hiatus of the band. The sound and playing on Westminster & 5th is reminiscent of Beowülf's first two albums: Beowülf (1986) and Lost My Head... (1988).

Track listing

Background
Since its inception, Beowülf's only constant member has been Dale Henderson and he is joined on this album by Rich Rowan, Kevin Sullivan and Stefan Crapia. Rowan and Sullivan were a part of the Beowülf line-up for Un-Sentimental (1993). They rejoined Henderson in the band Kool-Whip after Beowülf broke up in 1995. After performing for several years as Kool-Whip and notwithstanding some success, Henderson reverted to playing Beowülf songs. This was followed by the re-release of Beowülf's first two LPs by I Scream Records. The Re-Releases (2004) put the LP's Beowülf (1986) and Lost My Head... (1988) on a single CD and included a studio track recorded in 2004. Around that time, plans were made for a release of a full studio album in the following year. Westminster & 5th was written and recorded in seven months and released in 2007.

The track "Westminster & 5th" runs for 15 minutes and 2 seconds and contains a hidden track. The actual song ends after 4 minutes and 38 seconds and is followed by 7 minutes and 3 seconds of silence. The song "Wide Open Road" then starts, lasting for 3 minutes and 22 seconds. The song "Wide Open Road" is not included on the track list but the song and its lyrics are included in the CD booklet of the album.

Personnel
Beowülf
Dale Henderson - vocals, guitar
Rich Rowan - drums, percussion
Kevin Sullivan - bass
Stefan Crapia - guitar
Additional musicians
Mr Sir Bailey - conga (on "Westminster & 5th")
Gina Henderson - backing vocals
Technical Personnel
Production - Dennis McKay
Co-production - Dale Henderson
Mastering - Doug Michals
CD Design - Simon Soenens
Photography - LaurenPhotography.com

References 

Category:Beowülf

Fermentum is a practice of the Early Christian Church whereby bishops affirmed their communion with one another, or with their own local subordinate priests.

The custom of the fermentum was first practiced as early as 120 AD. A particle of the Eucharistic bread was carried by a minister of the Church from the bishop of one diocese to the bishop of another diocese. The receiving bishop would then consume the species at his next celebration of the Eucharist as a sign of the communion between the churches. The term fermentum was probably a reference to the Eucharist as the leaven of the Christian life, and as the instrument by which Christians spread throughout the world were united in the one Body of Christ as a leaven to the world.

In the 2nd century, popes sent the Eucharist to other bishops as a pledge of unity of faith, this being the origin of the expression to be in communion with each other, and such communion already considered essential to Christianity in the 2nd-century writings of St. Ignatius of Antioch and St. Irenaeus. On occasion, bishops also sent out fermenti to their priests.

John D. Zizioulas (the Metropolitan of Pergamon) in his doctoral thesis (University of Athens, 1964) takes the position that by the mid-3rd century the Bishops were exercising fermentum with the (local to the Metropolitan) parishes that did have a presiding Bishop in order to communicate/retain the unity of the Church under the Bishop.  While this was due to the growth of the Christian church it is also due to extensive persecution of the Church, especially aimed at the Bishops.

Another usage, often termed sancta or also (confused with) fermentum, was to use previously (locally) consecrated host to signify temporal continuity. At papal masses around 700 AD Klausen states: "Saying the salutation 'Pax Domini sit semper vobiscum' – [the peace of the Lord be always with you] – the Pope immersed the particle which came from the previous day's mass in the chalice and at the same time broke off a piece of bread which he had consecrated, and which was to serve as a fermentum at the next service".

References

External links 
 History of Eucharistic Adoration

Category:Eucharist in the Catholic Church
Category:E

Critical reception

The album received positive reviews upon release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, it received an average score of 77 out of 100, based on 6 publications, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Several publications praised the quality of the production, including Rock'n'Reel, which said: "There's not a note out of place amid the album's beautifully crafted ethereal sadness." Similarly, Loud and Quiet said: "Records like Sun on the Square don't come around very often.  ... Where The Innocence Mission has previously been a poster band for the slow-burning record, Sun on the Square wills you to cling on and not let go from the very beginning. It hunts out the curious minutiae of being alive, saves them and makes them spectacular. In an already strong back catalogue, this album feels like the crown jewel." Other publications commended Karen's songwriting as well, particularly her lyrics. Paste said: "When you scan the lyrics for Sun on the Square, you realize just how often [Karen] is posing a question. ... Those questions give [the record] an engaging and poetic vibe that only enhances its sonic aesthetic. All told, the album feels like a hand-crafted work of art, put together carefully by its creators, charmingly imperfect but much preferred over a mass-produced piece with no stitch out of place, and no soul to match. Credit Karen and Don Peris, who've spun gold out of simplicity for so many years." The Sunday Times wrote: "[They may] have been doing the same thing for nearly 30 years. But that's OK, because they do extremely delicate late-1960s/early-1970s folk rock as well as anyone ever has."

Numerous writers complimented the arrangements found on the album. Timothy Monger of AllMusic said: "Since paring down their already-hushed folk pop sound to a mostly acoustic, drum-less trio in 1997, the band has lived comfortably within the parameters of their tonal world, painting different textures here and there, but otherwise consistently delivering a familiar version of their pastoral chamber folk with each release." Despite this, they went on to say: "The arrangements on [Sun on the Square] are somewhat denser and more intricate than on any of the band's previous outings, relying on rich string arrangements, horns, reverberating piano th

Taungdwingyi Township() is a township of Magway District in the Magway Division of Myanmar.  The principal town is Taungdwingyi. People have inhabited this area for thousands of years, and one of the earliest civilizations of Myanmar, Beikthano, the ancient Pyu city, is located near the town. The territorial area is planes, and rice, beans, grains, sugarcane, and other plants were grown there.

Border
Taungdwingyi Township is bordered by the following townships:
 Myothit Township to the North
 Sinbaungwe Township to the South
 Lewe Township of Mandalay Region to the East
 Tatkon Township of Mandalay Region to the East
 Magway Township to the West

Economic
The economy of this area is based on agriculture and trading agricultural products. The chief crops raised are rice, beans, peas, grains and sugarcane. Once several years ago, this area had deep teak forests, and the timber industry was highly developed, but now all the teak trees have disappeared.

Transportation
Major town is connected to large Divisional city Magway(68 km/42 miles) to the west, Pyay(162 km/101 miles ) to the South and Naypyidaw(68 km/42 miles) to the East, by means of territorial road and railways. By the territorial road, it is 227 km to Mandalay and 365 km to Yangon. The closest major airport to Taungdwingyi, Myanmar is Magwe Airport (MWQ).
Between the local villages and town, they are mostly connected by dirt roads and backroads.

Weather
April is warmest with an average temperature of 39 °C at noon. January is coldest with an average temperature of 14 °C at night. Temperatures drop sharply at night. January is on average the month with most sunshine. The wet season has a rainfall peak around August, the dry season is around the month of March.

Nature
The area has a humid (> 0.65 p/pet) climate. The land area is totally cultivated, not much natural vegetation is left. The landscape is mostly covered with mosaic croplands/vegetation. The climate is classified as a tropical monsoon (short dry season, monsoon rains other months), with a subtropical dry forest biozone . The soil in the area

Bobby flew down and talked with the doctor who had treated Jock for a severe fever while he was in South America. Bobby returned to Southfork and revealed this information at a Ewing barbecue, where Jock's best friend Punk Anderson said that while he had the fever, Jock was telling the history of the Ewing family. This small piece of evidence against Wes Parmalee being Jock Ewing was seized on. By then, Ray had told Wes that his presence was causing a lot of trouble to the family, just before Wes went to see Miss Ellie. Miss Ellie told her family that Wes had told her that he wasn't Jock, that he had met Jock while working in South America and was on the helicopter with Jock, where he took Jock's things and learned about the Ewings. Wes wanted to have such a wonderful family again since he had lost his wife and children years ago. Miss Ellie claimed that Wes had apologized for the pain he'd caused, and had left Dallas for good.

The storyline was an experiment to gauge an attempt to restore the late Jim Davis' character to the show, after efforts to recast proved futile after no suitable actor could be found to replace Davis. Ultimately, viewer reaction was mixed, but not favorable, as Miss Ellie had found happiness with her remarriage to Clayton Farlow, and that actor Steve Forrest, then at 61, was 16 years younger than his predecessor.  Producers finally yielded to viewers and ended the storyline, leaving Jock dead for good by the end of the tenth season.

Legacy

After Jim Davis' death, artist Ro Kim painted a portrait of the actor in his role as Jock Ewing. The portrait became a focal point of the Dallas set and was featured in a number of episodes. The painting hung in the home of Larry Hagman, who played antagonist J.R. Ewing for many years until he decided to sell the portrait at auction in spring 2011. The Southfork Ranch in Parker, Texas, where Dallas exteriors were shot, features a different Jock Ewing portrait as a focal point of its "Jock's Living Room".

Jock drove the same 1978 Lincoln Mark V with the license plate EWING 1 for all four seasons in which he appeared, which is still on the grounds of Southfork, parked in one of the gift shops.

Notes

References

External links
Jock Ewing Biography at Ultimate

Although Leti was educated in a Jesuit school, he later became a Protestant. He resided in the court of Louis XIV of France and in 1680 that of Charles II of England, who commissioned him to write a history of England. Leti had access to the library of the Earl of Anglesey, which numbered over 5,000 volumes, as well as that of Bishop Gilbert Burnet. He wrote the first ever proper life of Elizabeth I of England, which includes many romantic embellishments about her youth and her mother, Anne Boleyn. Nevertheless, he may have used documents he found in the English libraries. Leti was also elected a member of the Royal Society.

After the publication of a collection of anecdotes which offended Charles II, Il Teatro Britannico, Leti fled England in 1683 for Amsterdam, where he became the city historiographer in 1685. He died in Amsterdam in 1701.

Leti's biography of Pope Sixtus V has been translated into many languages, and contains an anecdote similar to the infamous "pound of flesh" from William Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice. The Catholic Encyclopedia calls Leti "mendacious and inexact" and is also critical of works described as derivative of Leti's "anti-papal histories." Mosheim, a Lutheran church historian, called Leti "inaccurate and unfaithful." According to Thomas Trollope, "his inexactitude as an historian is notorious." Even secular writers have characterised his biography of Sixtus V as "resting on very slight authority." Among his critics, Leti is sometimes referred to as the "Varillas of Italy."

Leti was the father-in-law of the scholar and theologian Jean Leclerc.

Works
1666. Histoire de Donna Olimpia Maldachini. 
1667. Il Nipotismo di Roma, o vero relatione delle ragioni che muovono i Pontefici all' aggrandimento de' Nipoti ("Papal Nepotism, or the True Relation of the Reasons Which Impel the Popes to make their Nephews Powerful") 
1668. Il Cardinalissimo di Santa Chiesa.
1668 Il Pvttanisno Romano, à Vero, Conclave Generale delle Puttane della Corte From the Collections at

Biography
Lyudmila Vladimirovna Erarskaya was a Russian actress who worked in the Moscow theater created by N. K. Nezlobina, in pre-Revolutionary Russia. She was the lover-muse of poet Sophia Parnok from 1916 to 1926,  and the inspiration for Parnok's adaptation of the libretto, Almast. During the war years, she and Parnok lived in the Crimea in the town of Sudak and Erarskaya staged productions to entertain the intellectual community who were living there, such as Adelaida Gertsyk, Eugenia Gertsyk, Alexander Spendiarov, and Maximilian Voloshin. She also joined the Federal Art Workers Union, becoming its secretary, while simultaneously heading the theater section for the Ministry of Education in Sudak. She staged benefits for the Sudak High School and performed plays written by the community for the soldiers fighting in the area. Returning to Moscow in 1921, she suffered a serious bout of tuberculosis in 1923 and in January 1925, suffered a mental breakdown and was hospitalized for a year. By the time of her release, she had developed a friendship with Parnok's friend, Olga Tsuberbiller which would last throughout her life. From the 1930s until her death, Erarskaya performed at the Moscow Puppet Theater. She was the sister of the opera singer, Vera Erarskaya ().

Performances
Вечер памяти Оскара Уайльда (An Evening to the memory of Oscar Wilde, 1914)
Карл Брунер (Karl Bruner, 2-act play adaptation of the novel by Bela Balash)
Ровно в 6. 25 (Promptly at 6:25, a 3-act play)
Сказка про петуха и богатого барина (A Tale of a Rooster and a Rich Sage, a 2-act play)
Дочь и падчерица(Daughter and Step-daughter, a 2-act play)
Р. В. С. (R. V. S. a 2-act play adaptation of the story by Arkady Gaidar)
Горшочек (The Pot, adaptation of the Novgorod fairy tale from the collection of M. Serova, Moscow Pupp

Description
The head of the snake is clearly differentiated from the neck, and flattened slightly. The nose protrudes beyond the lower jaw. The eyes are vertical ellipses. The body is rounded above, and flat on the belly. A holotype for the species had a snout-to-vent length of 25.2 centimeters, and a tail-length of 6.4 centimeters, giving it a total length of 31.6 centimeters.

The body of the snake is black on the back and tail, with 12 white stripes across the back and six across the tail. The stripes are 3-5 scales wide along the top, widening to 5-9 scales on the sides. The first two bands are completely black, while the rest have black speckles on them. The top of the head is black with lighter markings, while the underside of the head and body is white.

Reproduction
Lycodon cardamomensis is oviparous, or egg-laying.

Phylogeny
Lycodon cardamomensis is a member of the genus Lycodon, a genus of snakes commonly known as wolf snakes. The genus belongs to the snake family Colubridae, the largest snake family, with member species being found on every continent except Antarctica.

Habitat & ecology
L. cardamomensis is a terrestrial nocturnal species, which has been observed in both primary and secondary forest. It has been observed at altitudes of between 500 and 700 meters above sea level.

Distribution
L. cardamomensis has been observed in Pursat Province of Cambodia, as well as in Eastern Thailand. It is thought to be endemic to the Cardamom Hills of that region. Erroneous records exist from the highlands of Vietnam, as well as some records from the same region that have yet to be verified.

Conservation
The range of the species overlaps with the protected area of the Phnom Samkos Wildlife Sanctuary, but no species-specific conservation measures exist. The species might be under threat from logging and forest degradation in its range, as well as from hunting by individuals who mistake it for the venomous Malayan krait; however, the impacts of these potential threats are currently unknown. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists it as "Data deficient" due to the small number of specimens observed, and the lack of knowledge of its response to logging and hunting.

References

External

John Emerich Henry Lyon-Dalberg-Acton, 3rd Baron Acton  (born Dalberg-Acton; 15 December 1907 – 23 January 1989), was a British peer and soldier.

Early life and education
Acton was born in Bordighera, Liguria, Italy, the eldest son and third of nine children born to Richard Dalberg-Acton, 2nd Baron Acton, a diplomat in the foreign service. His mother was Dorothy Lyon, the only child of Thomas Henry Lyon of Appleton Hall, Cheshire. The fourth generation of his family abroad, the 2nd Lord Acton and his children officially became British citizens in 1911 by Act of Parliament. 

The family was living in Germany when the war broke out. They were temporarily detained in Baden Baden in 1914. In 1915, Lord Acton became chargé d'affaires in Berne. In 1919, his father added the additional surname and arms of Lyon when Lady Acton inherited from her father. His mother died in 1923, when his youngest sister was just 2.

He was educated at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst and Trinity College, Cambridge. He succeeded to the family titles upon the death of his father in 1924.

His only brother, Richard William Heribert Peter Lyon-Dalberg-Acton (1909–1946), was killed in a plane crash in Gambia in 1946.

Honours
In December 1945, Acton was appointed to the Military Division of the Order of the British Empire as a Member. In February 1947, he was appointed to be a Deputy Lieutenant of the County of Salop but resigned his commission in November the same year because he stopped living in the county. In the 1964 New Year Honours, Acton was appointed to the Order of St Michael and St George as a Companion.

Personal life 
Acton was a devout Catholic. He was a founder and president of the multiracial National Club in Salisbury, Rhodesia.

Family
He married Hon. Daphne Strutt (d. 2003), daughter of The 4th Baron Rayleigh, on 25 November 1931. The couple had eleven children:

The Honourable Pelline Margot Lyon-Dalberg-Acton (b. 24 December 1932)
The Honourable Charlotte Lyon-Dalberg-Acton (1934–1935)
The Honourable Catherine Lyon-D

Zoran Marić

Zoran "Džimi" Marić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран – Џими Mapић; born 21 February 1960) is a Serbian retired professional footballer who played as a striker and current manager of First League of RS club FK Krupa.

Club career
Born in Boka, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Marić represented local clubs FK Novi Sad and FK Vojvodina in his country. In January 1988, aged almost 29, he was allowed to leave the Iron Curtain nation and move to Spain, where he would remain until his retirement five years later, with Galician clubs RC Celta de Vigo and SD Compostela.

Marić competed in La Liga with Celta de Vigo and Compostela, amassing totals of 71 matches and 13 goals, before finishing his playing career in 1993.

International career
Marić earned two caps for Yugoslavia, both in 1983. He made his debut on 30 March in a 2–0 friendly win against Romania.

Managerial career
Marić became a manager in 1999, notably working with former sides Compostela and Vojvodina. On 19 May 2010, he won the 2009–10 Bosnian Cup while in charge of Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina club FK Borac Banja Luka, who he led from January to August 2010.

After Borac, he worked as the head coach of the Serbia U19 national team from 2011 to 2012, then managed FK Spartak Subotica, FK Proleter Novi Sad, Vojvodina again and FK Novi Pazar.

On 21 June 2019, Marić became the new manager of First League of RS club FK Krupa.

Personal life
Marić's son, Goran, was also a footballer and a striker. He too spent many years working in Spain, mainly with Celta de Vigo B.

Honours

Manager
Borac Banja Luka 
Bosnian Cup: 2009–10

References

External links

National team data 

Category:1960 births
Category:Living people
Category:People from Sečanj
Category:Yugoslav footballers
Category:Serbian footballers
Category:Association football forwards
Category:Yugoslav First League players


is a Japanese professional shogi player ranked 6-dan.

Early life
Funae was born on April 27, 1987, in Kakogawa, Hyōgo. He learned how to play shogi from his grandfather when he was about five years old. When he was a second-grade student elementary school student, Funae started to regularly go to the Kakogawa Shogi Center where he met shogi professional Keita Inoue for the first time. Funae finished runner-up to fellow future professional Issei Takazaki in the 23rd  in 1998. Later that same year, Funae entered the Japan Shogi Association's apprentice school under Inoue's guidance at the rank of 6-kyū.

Funae steadily advanced through the apprentice school ranks and was promoted to 1-kyū in 2001. His progress, however, slowed at that point and he wasn't promoted to 1-dan until March 2003. Funae was promoted to the rank 3-dan in 2006, and entered the 39th 3-dan League in April 2006. Funae's progress, however, once again slowed and he did not obtain full professional status and the corresponding rank of 4-dan until October 2010 after he finished second in the 47th 3-dan League with a record of 13 wins and 5 losses.

Shogi professional
Funae's first tournament victory as a shogi professional came in 2011 when he defeated Hiroshi Miyamoto (still an apprentice professional 3-dan at the time) 2 games to 1 to win the 1st  for young professionals. 

In MarchApril 2013, Funae was one of five shogi professionals to play against five computer shogi programs in the 2nd Denō Match. Funae played against the program  and lost in 184 moves. Funae played Tsutsukana once again in a "revenge match" in December 2013 and this time Funae won in 85 moves.

Funae's other tournament victory came in 2016 when he defeated Shōta Chida to win the 1st  sponsored by Japanese electronics retailer Yamada Denki.

Tsume Shogi Solving Competition
Funae won the 7th Tsume Shogi Solving Competition in 2010 while he was still an apprentice professional 3-dan; he was the only participant to finish with a perfect score of 100.

Promotion history
Funae's promotion history is as follows:
 1998, September: 6

The  was one of the shinnōke, branches of the Imperial Family of Japan which were, until 1947, eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out.

History
The Arisugawa-no-miya house was founded by Prince Yoshihito, seventh son of Emperor Go-Yōzei (d. 1638), and was originally named Takamatsu-no-miya. The house changed its name to Arisugawa-no-miya after its second head, Prince Nagahito was elevated to the throne as Emperor Go-Sai.

The Arisugawa-no-miya house traditionally served as instructors in calligraphy and waka composition to successive generations of Emperors. After the Meiji Restoration in 1868, when Emperor Meiji was restored, his uncle, Prince Arisugawa Taruhito (1835–1895), became commander-in-chief, and in 1875 Chancellor of the Realm. After his suppression of the Satsuma Rebellion in 1875 he was made a field-marshal, and he was again commander-in-chief in the First Sino-Japanese War. His younger brother, Prince Arisugawa Takehito (1862–1913), was from 1879 to 1882 attached to the British navy, as a military attaché and later as a cadet. He went on to command positions in the Japanese Navy, and represented Japan in formal visits to England.

The Arisugawa line ended early in the twentieth century when no male heirs remained. However, the Imperial Household Agency revived the original title of Takamatsu-no-miya for the third son of Emperor Taishō. The line again became extinct on Prince Takamatsu Nobuhito’s death, as he had no children.

In 2003, an impostor to the Arisugawa line appeared, and stole a great deal of money.

Dynasty

※In Imperial Household Law at that time, the house of an imperial prince was not admitted to be succeeded to by taking away the adopted son. Prince Nobuhito newly founded the Takamatsu-no-miya. Therefore, Prince Nobuhito is not the eleventh generation but the first Takamatsu-no-miya.

References
 Keane, Donald. Emperor Of Japan: Me

Louis Hersent

Louis Hersent (10 March 1777 – 2 October 1860) was a French painter.

Life and career 
He was born in Paris. He became a pupil of David, and obtained the Prix de Rome in 1797. In the Salon of 1802, he showed Metamorphosis of Narcissus, and he continued to exhibit with rare interruptions up to 1831. He married Louise-Marie-Jeanne Mauduit in 1821. 

His pupils were Louis-Eugène Bertier, Auguste Bigand, Hélène Charlotte Juliette Bourge, Augustin Luc Demoussy, Henri Joseph Constant Dutilleux, Hippolyte Dominique Holfeld, Jean-Francois-Hyacinthe-Jules Laure, Eugène Modeste Edmond Lepoittevin, Emile Aubert Lessore, Auguste Dominique Mennessier, François Alexandre Pernot, Julie Philipault, August Thomas Pierre Philippe, Pierre Poterlet, Joachim Sotta, Henry de Triqueti, and Théophile Auguste Vauchelet.
His most considerable works under the First French Empire were Achilles parting from Briseis, and Atala dying in the arms of Chactas (both engraved in Landon's Annales du Musée); an Incident of the life of Fénelon, painted in 1810, found a place at Malmaison, and Passage of the Bridge at Landshut, which belongs to the same date, is now at Versailles.

Hersent's typical works, however, belong to the period of the Restoration; Louis XVI relieving the Afflicted (Versailles) and Daphnis and Chloë (engraved by Laugier and by Gelée) were both in the Salon of 1817; at that of 1819 the Abdication of Gustavus Vasa brought to Hersent a medal of honour, but the picture, purchased by the Duke of Orléans, was destroyed at the Palais-Royal in 1848, and the engraving by Henriquel-Dupont is now its sole record. Ruth, produced in 1822, became the property of Louis XVIII, who from the moment that Hersent rallied to the Restoration jealously patronized him, made him officer of the Legion of Honour, and pressed his claims at

The North Sea Region of Europe refers to European countries and regions that have access to the North Sea. Cultural and economic co-operation has a strong tradition in the area, dating back to the Vikings and the Hanseatic League.

Although not a formally established entity, in political terms the North Sea Region is consolidated through international organisations like the North Sea Commission and transnational co-operation programmes like the North Sea Region Programme of the European Union.

Geographic area

North Sea Commission 
The partnership of the North Sea Commission consists of most Norwegian municipalities, the regions Halland and Västra Götaland in Sweden, the three Danish regions of Nordjylland, Midtjylland and Syddanmark, parts of northern Germany, the Netherlands and north western France as well as counties and authorities from eastern England and Scotland.

North Sea Region Programme – Cooperation Area 
The North Sea Region (NSR), as defined in the Operational Programme of the North Sea Region Programme 2007–2013, covers an area of . It consists of the whole of Norway and Denmark, the eastern parts of the UK, parts of the Flemish Region of Belgium, the north western regions of Germany, the northern and western parts of the Netherlands and the south western region of Sweden. Geographically, the region is connected by the large sea basin of the North Sea.

Population 

Based on the co-operation area of the North Sea Region Programme, about 60 million inhabitants (2003) live in the North Sea Region. The population density of the region varies widely, ranging from sparsely populated areas like Finnmark () in Norway to densely inhabited urban centres like the German city of Hamburg ().

Economy 

The North Sea Region belongs to the most prosperous parts of the European Union. The average level of GDP across the region was  €28,516 per capita in 2002 ($ in 2002 conversion rate). The unemployment rate is below the EU average in most areas. However, there are notable differences concerning economic performance and employment between the areas in the North Sea Region.

Currently, the economic structure of the regions bordering the North Sea is undergoing considerable changes, such as shrinking labour markets in the agriculture and fisheries sector and a decline in old industrialised areas.

See also 

 North Sea Region Programme 
 North Sea Commission 
 North Sea

References

External links

North Sea Region Programme 2007–2013
North Sea Region Programme 2000–2006

*Region

Honours 
 1875 : Officer in the Order of Leopold.  
 1881 : Grand Officer in the Order of Leopold.
 Knight of the Order of the Immaculate Conception of Vila Viçosa.
 Knight of the Order of Saint Michael.
 Member of the Royal Academy of Science, Letters and Fine Arts of Belgium.

As an artist
Geefs' early work has been characterized as "predominately elegiac in mood". By the end of the 1830s, however, he developed a powerful, spare realism in monumental works such as General Belliard and Frédéric de Mérode (erected in Brussels, 1836 and 1837) and Peter Paul Rubens (Antwerp, 1841). He was prolific in producing tombs, pulpits, statues, busts, and sculpture groups.

Works

The works of Guillaume Geefs include:
 Epitaphe of Guillaume-Charles de Merode, 4th Prince of Rubempré and Marie-Joseph d'Ognyes; Church of the Minimes, Brussels.
 Frédéric de Mérode (1833/1837), tomb monument, "noted for its naturalness and lack of idealization."
 General Belliard (1836), rue Royale, Brussels; more than life-size
 Victims of the Revolution (1838), an allegorical monument commemorating the Belgian Revolution
 Leopold I, considered one of the most important works of public art in Belgium in the 19th century; a stamp issued in 1981 commemorates this statue; it may be viewed online
 Treurende Adonis (1839), white marble of Adonis in mourning; view online
 A small sculpture of a young sleeping angel, privately held and not authenticated (but signed by the artist), found in 1993 in an abandoned house in Brussels; see  Renderosity Digital Art Community or archive
Grétry (1842), bronze statue of the composer, in front of the opera house in Liège
 Le génie du mal, a Lucifer in white marble for the Cathedral of St. Paul, Liège
 Charlemagne (1843), statue in the Basilica of Saint Servatius in Maastricht
 The Roman Gladiator, located opposite the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum in San Francisco to mark the ground-breaking for the 1894 Mid-Winter Exposition; see online

Biography
Paul Bomani was born in 1925 in Ikuzi, Mara. He served as the Minister of Finance, Agriculture, Economic Affairs and Planning, and Commerce and Industry. He also served as a member of Parliament. Paul Bomani was a very successful business man and was reported to be one of the richest African in Tanzania by 1970. Paul Bomani is among a handful of Tanganyikans/Tanzanians who made significant contributions to the country. He was active in the independence struggle and after Tanganyika/Tanzania won independence, he was one of the main people responsible for finance and development for the country in the 1960s to early 70s.

Paul Bomani attended Nassa Primary School in Mwanza from 1936 to 39. He joined the Teacher Training College in Ikizu, Mara from 1939 to 1944. He worked as the Assistant Secretary of Cash Stores of the Williamson Diamonds Limited in Shinyanga between 1945 and 1947. He became the Managing Secretary of Mwanza African Traders Co-operative Society Limited 1947 to 1952. Mwanza African Traders Co-operative Society was a wholesale cooperative started to assist African traders. Bomani founded the Lake Province Cotton Growers Association in 1950.

Bomani left Tanganyika to study in England in 1953. He studied Agricultural Economics and Co-operative Laws at Loughborough Co-operative College in England from 1953 to 1954. Bomani returned to Tanganyika and continued with work as an organizer and one of the leaders of the nascent independence movement. He worked as the General Manager of Victoria Federation of Co-operative Unions Limited from 1955 to 1960.

Bomani became very active in Tanganyika politics early on; he was elected as the provincial Chairman of the Tanganyika African Association (TAA) from 1950 to 1953. The colonial government appointed him as the member of the Legislative Council in 1954. The appointment came after Chief Kidaha Makwaia left the territory. Makwaia would later resign under pressure. Paul Bomani became a powerful force in the Lake Province with the establishment of TANU as the main political party fighting for independence starting in 1954. Bomani helped to make TANU a powerful force in the Lake Province.

Paul Bomani was appointed as a member of the Post Election Committee in 1959 by the Tanganyika Governmor, Sir Richard Turnbull. Bomani was among a handful of Africans appointed

Bangladesh
 Bangladesh Free Trade Union Congress
 Bangladesh Ganotantrik Sramik Federation
 Bangladesh Jatio Sramik League
 Jatiyo Sramik Jote
 Bangladesh Jatyatabadi Sramik Dal
 Bangladesh Labour Federation
 Bangladesh Mukto Sramik Federation
 Bangladesh Sanjukta Sramik Federation
 Bangladesh Trade Union Kendra
 Jatio Sramik Federation
 Jatyo Sramik League
 Samajtantrik Sramik Front

Barbados
 Barbados Workers' Union
 Congress of Trade Unions and Staff Associations of Barbados
 Leeward Islands Airline Pilots Association
 National Union of Public Workers

Belarus
 Belarus Free Trade Union
 Belarusian Congress of Democratic Trade Unions
 Federation of Trade Unions of Belarus

Belgium
 Confederation of Christian Trade Unions
 General Confederation of Liberal Trade Unions of Belgium
 General Federation of Belgian Labour

Belize
 Christian Workers' Union
 General Workers' Union (Belize)
 National Trade Union Congress of Belize
 United General Workers Union

Benin
 Autonomous Trade Unions Centre
 General Confederation of the Workers of Benin
 National Union of the Unions of the Workers of Benin

Bermuda
 Bermuda Industrial Union
 Bermuda Public Services Association

Bhutan
 Federation of Bhutanese Trade Unions

Bolivia
 Bolivian Workers' Center
 Caboface
 Confederación Sindical Única de Trabajadores Campesinos de Bolivia
 Corriente de Renovación Independiente y Solidaridad Laboral
 Federación Sindical de Trabajadores Mineros de Bolivia

Bosnia and Herzegovina
 Confederation of Independent Trade Unions of Bosnia and Herzegovina
 Confederation of Trade Unions of the Republika Srpska

Botswana
 Botswana Federation of Trade Unions
 Air Botswana Employees' Union
 Botswana Agricultural Marketing Board Workers' Union
 Botswana Bank Employees' Union
 Botswana Beverages & Allied Workers' Union
 Botswana Central Bank Staff Union
 Botswana Commercial & General Workers' Union
 Botswana Construction Workers' Union
 Botswana Diamond Sorters & Valuators' Union
 Bots

The negative preterite I is formed by the auxiliary э- negative verb with the same personal endings as in present tense. The main verb is the same as in the present tense

Preterite II
The second preterite is a past tense with an evidentiality distinction. It can be compared to the English perfect in which the speaker did not personally observe the past event. The preterite II is marked with -ӧм-, which is historically related to the third infinitive in Finnish. 

The negative preterite II is formed by including the auxiliary copular negative verb абу 'is not', e.g. абу уджалӧма (I have evidently not worked), абу уджалӧмыд (you have evidently not worked) etc.

Auxiliary past tenses
There are four past tenses in Komi which use a preterite form of the main verb and a preterite form of the auxiliary verb 'to be'.

Preterite III
The Komi preterite III makes use of the main verb in the present tense and the auxiliary вӧлі, 'was' in third person singular, in simple past. The pluperfect I tense expresses a continuation of action that has happened in the (distant) past.  

The negative preterite III is formed by including the auxiliary copular verb вӧлі  ‘was' with the main verb in the present negative.

Preterite IV
The Komi preterite IV (pluperfect) makes use of the main verb in the preteri II form and the auxiliary вӧлі, 'was' in third person singular, in simple past. The preteri IV tense expresses an evidently completed action that has happened in the (distant) past.  

The negative preterite IV is formed by including the auxiliary copular negative verb абу 'is not', e.g. вӧлі абу уджалӧма (I have evidently not worked), вӧлі абу уджалӧмыд (you have evidently not worked) etc.

Preterite V
The Komi preterite V makes use of the main verb in the present form and the auxiliary вӧлӧм, 'apparently was'

On 30 July 2007, he signed for Football League Two side Barnet on a free transfer after a successful trial. On 9 November 2007 he joined St Albans City on a month's loan.  In January 2008, Seanla was transfer listed. He struggled when played out of position in midfield, and played only five times for the Bees. In March, he was loaned out to Wivenhoe Town.  He failed to make an impression even at this level, however, and shortly after his loan spell was cancelled, he was released by Barnet.

On his debut for Ashford Town, he scored two goals in the second half in a 3-2 loss to Chipstead. He scored 5 goals in 8 games, but was unable to add to that tally due to injury, and joined Horsham in January 2009. Seanla's impressive strike rate for Horsham saw him join promotion hopefuls Boreham Wood in March 2010. He scored the only goal of a play-off semi-final against Aveley F.C. and helped contribute to a play-off final win against Kingstonian to seal promotion for the club.

On his debut for Tonbridge Angels, Seanla scored two goals against AFC Hornchurch in the Angels' 7-1 victory against the Essex team. He later played for Winslow United.

In August 2013, he joined Bedford Town, before joining Leighton Town for the 2014-15 season. He carried on playing the SSML from 2015 onwards, playing for Clean Slate and New Bradwell St Peter. Seanla stated in a June 2018 interview that he had retired from football.

References

External links 
 
 Profile on Kettering Town Site
 Profile on Barnet Site
 Soccerdata Stéphane Seanla

Category:1988 births
Category:Living people
Category:Watford F.C. players
Category:Kettering Town F.C. players
Category:Barnet F.C. players
Category:St Albans City F.C. players
Category:Wivenhoe Town F.C. players
Category:Ashford United F.C. players
Category:Horsham F.C. players
Category:Boreham Wood F.C. players
Category:Tonbridge Angels F.C. players
Category:Concord Rangers F.C. players
Category:Crawley Down Gatwick F.C. players
Category:Walton &

Critical reception
"A.D.H.D" received critical acclaim from music critics upon release. In his review, Pitchfork's Jordan Sargent wrote "There's the Based God's paranoia, Drake's singing/rapping fluidity, the soothing synthscapes of Wiz's mixtapes, and, of course, an obsession with drugs." He noted its simplicity, but added that "Lamar's individuality and skill as a rapper shine through" the song. Complex named "A.D.H.D" the 13th best song of 2011. The magazine wrote that "it captures the mood of today's lonely, drugged-out youth who seem more interested in Bay Area Kush and Purple Label tags than anything else." The song was also featured in Grand Theft Auto V soundtrack station in Radio Los Santos. The song was nominated to the 2013 Spike Video Game Awards for Best Song in a Game.

In his 2012 review of Lamar's second album, Dan Jackson of cmj.com called "A.D.H.D" Lamar's best song prior to the release of Good Kid, M.A.A.D City. In 2013, San Antonio Current wrote that "A.D.H.D", and the album's lead single "HiiiPoWeR", were hits that put Lamar into the national spotlight in 2011. In 2014, NPR writer Eric Ducker called "A.D.H.D" one of Lamar's three best songs.

Music video
The music video for the song was released on August 23, 2011. It shows Lamar with his friends "cruising through a bodega and an empty office, and it gets over on pure kids-having-fun atmosphere." He said about the music video: "I wanted the video to illustrate the emotion he paints with words, while avoiding gratuitous shots of any substance. Despite the song's title and content, the focus isn't the drugs, but rather, that basic human experience of apathetic youth. That simple mood of emptiness which we choose to either address or self-medicate." The video was directed by Vashtie Kola (Va$htie), who wrote: Inspired by "A.D.H.D."s dark beat and melancholy lyrics which explore a generation in conflict, we find Kendrick Lamar in a video that illustrates the songs universal and age-old theme of apathetic youth.

Golding Bird (9 December 1814 – 27 October 1854) was a British medical doctor and a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians.  He became a great authority on kidney diseases and published a comprehensive paper on urinary deposits in 1844.  He was also notable for his work in related sciences, especially the medical uses of electricity and electrochemistry.  From 1836, he lectured at Guy's Hospital, a well-known teaching hospital in London and now part of King's College London, and published a popular textbook on science for medical students called Elements of Natural Philosophy.

Having developed an interest in chemistry while still a child, largely through self-study, Bird was far enough advanced to deliver lectures to his fellow pupils at school.  He later applied this knowledge to medicine and did much research on the chemistry of urine and of kidney stones.  In 1842, he was the first to describe oxaluria, a condition which leads to the formation of a particular kind of stone.

Bird, who was a member of the London Electrical Society, was innovative in the field of the medical use of electricity, designing much of his own equipment.  In his time, electrical treatment had acquired a bad name in the medical profession through its widespread use by quack practitioners.  Bird made efforts to oppose this quackery, and was instrumental in bringing medical electrotherapy into the mainstream.  He was quick to adopt new instruments of all kinds; he invented a new variant of the Daniell cell in 1837 and made important discoveries in electrometallurgy with it.  He was not only innovative in the electrical field, but he also designed a flexible stethoscope, and in 1840 published the first description of such an instrument.

A devout Christian, Bird believed Bible study and prayer were just as important to medical students as their academic studies.  He endeavoured to promote Christianity among medical students and encouraged other professionals to do likewise.  To this end, Bird was responsible for the founding of the Christian Medical Association, although it did not become active until after his death.  Bird had lifelong poor health and died at the age of 39.

Life and career
Bird was born in Downham, Norfolk, England, on 9 December 1814. His father (also named Golding Bird) had been an officer in the Inland Revenue in Ireland, and his mother, Marrianne, was Irish.  He was precocious and ambitious

Post Grad

Post Grad is a 2009 American independent romantic comedy film directed by Vicky Jenson and starring Alexis Bledel, about a recent college graduate who moves back in with her family while she figures out what she wants to do next.

Originally under the working titles of Ticket to Ride and then The Post-Grad Survival Guide, the film was released on August 21, 2009.

Plot
Ryden Malby graduates from college in the middle of the late-2000s recession and is forced to move back in with her parents, because her dream job has been given to her arrogant college nemesis Jessica Bard. Ryden and her best friend Adam, who has had a longtime crush on her, must find a job for Ryden before she loses hope for her future dream as an editor of a big publishing company, but her ambitions for getting a job blinded her from noticing that Adam was giving up going to New York in hopes that one day she will feel about him the same way he does for her. After a while, Adam gives up and goes to Columbia and Ryden gets her dream job, but realizes she isn't really happy and quits her job to go and live with Adam.

Cast
 Alexis Bledel as Ryden Malby
 Zach Gilford as Adam Davies
 Michael Keaton as Walter Malby
 Jane Lynch as Carmella Malby
 Carol Burnett as Maureen Malby
 Bobby Coleman as Hunter Malby
 Rodrigo Santoro as David Santiago
 Catherine Reitman as Jessica Bard
 Craig Robinson as Funeral director
 J. K. Simmons as Roy Davies
 Mary Anne McGarry as Barbara Snaff
 Vanessa Branch as Receptionist
 Fred Armisen as Guacanator pitchman
 Alexandra Holden as Cute funky girl
 Andrew Daly as Lloyd Hastings
 Desean Terry as Young Cop
 Walter Emanuel Jones as Voice Cast
 Demetri Martin (uncredited) as TV commercial producer

Production
Amanda Bynes was originally set to star, but dropped and was replaced by Alexis Bledel.

Reception
Post Grad was panned by film critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 8% based on reviews from 99. The site's consensus states: "A lightweight, unambitious comedy, Post Grad features fine actors that can do little with its middling, uninspiring script." On Metacritic it

FC 08 Villingen is a German association football club based in Villingen-Schwenningen, Baden-Württemberg. The association was founded on 1 October 1908 and over time absorbed other local clubs including Germania, Alemania and Phönix.

__TOC__

History
By the mid-20s the club was playing in the highest level local league, the Bezirksliga Baden, but had descended to lower level play by the early 30s. They recovered themselves to return to high level district league play by the end of the decade and in 1935 sent defender Hermann Gramlich (3 caps) to the national side.

Following World War II all organizations in the country, including football and sports associations, were ordered dissolved by occupying Allied authorities. Most were quickly re-established, including the Villingen side which was re-formed as ASV Villingen before once again assuming its traditional identity in 1949. In 1951 FC Villingen was promoted to the Amateurliga Südbaden (II) where they immediately took the division title. The club continued to play well and repeated as champions in 1955, after which they slipped to become a mid-table side.

After the 1959–60 season the club became part of the newly formed Amateurliga Schwarzwald-Bodensee (III) where they played until elevated to the second division Regionalliga Süd after a title win in 1966. They earned mid-table results there until being relegated in 1972 carrying with them a heavy debt burden that hobbled the club for years. They captured Amateurliga Schwarzwald-Bodensee (III) championships in 1973 and 1974 before moving over to the Amateurliga Südbaden, in what was now fourth-tier football after league re-organization in the country, where they won their third title in four years in 1976. Through the 70s the team enjoyed success in regional cup play taking the Südbadischer Pokal in 1974, 1976, and 1979.

After another shuffle of German football leagues, 08 was placed in the newly formed Amateur Oberliga Baden-Württemberg (III) where they played for a couple of seasons before descending to the Verbandsliga Südbaden (IV) in 1980. They twice clawed their way back up on the strength of Verbandsliga titles in 1983 and 1985 before settling into fourth-tier play until the mid-

Several running gags from the first series are reprised in Series 2, such as references to Imhotep (pictured, as in the 1st series, as a moai), bassoons, and the use of portmanteaux, in phrases such as "Thanks, ants. Thants," or as in the Music episode, "Thanks Tchaikovsky. Thaikovsky." In the final episode, this word-play culminates with Packard addressing two security guards, both named Hank, with the phrase "Thanks, Hanks. Thanks." Another running joke centres on characters such as Synthesizer Patel in the "Music" episode and Computer Jones in the "Computers" episode, who like an item to such a degree that they've changed their names.

Whereas the modules in Series 1 were distinct, there is a measure of continuity throughout the episodes of Series 2. Each week, inventors (played by a number of British comic actors) showcase their new products, culminating in the live final programme where a winning invention is chosen, supposedly by "HRH, Sir Prince Charles". To achieve this fake presentation, archive footage of Prince Charles was blended with Look Around You footage, whilst Serafinowicz dubs the Prince's real voice with his own lip-synced impression of it.

DVD extras 
DVD extras include a quiz, mock pages from Ceefax, an alternative "Birds of Britain" feature, the Scary Picture, which features a comically large succession of warning screens making sure the viewer actually wants to view it, before suddenly showing it at the same time as hearing a male scream, being shown without the scream in 2 episodes of Series 2, and the Test Card (a music video). Watching this to the end, including the credits, triggers an Easter egg featuring Jack Morgan's more realistic reaction to his plastic surgery, in which the Look Around You team are shocked at the modifications to Jack's face when Dr. Fu reveals him to them. When handed a mirror, Jack turns to Dr. Fu and starts shouting expletives at him (the sole reason for 15 rating on the DVD), but then calms down after stating that it was the initial reaction to the surgery.

Special guests 
Each episode featured several additional characters, many of whom were played by well-known British comedians.

Episode 1 
 Kevin Eldon: "Tony Rudd", school teacher and "Music 2000" contest

In the early years following its establishment, the Dutch Society for the Protection of Animals was an aristocratic movement seeking animal protection, similar to organisations elsewhere. Early objectives included abolishing draft dogs, improving living and working conditions for horses, banning the docking of dog and horse ears and tails, and better slaughter regulations (including mandatory anaesthesia). The group tried to prevent animal abuse by influencing public opinion through brochures and lectures and by drafting national laws. Early legislative accomplishments included an 1875 law on rabies prevention, including punishments for intentional abuse of a dog or cat; and an 1880 law protecting species useful for agriculture and timber production, offering official protection to certain birds and mammals. A milestone was reached in 1886 when an article was included in the penal code that made abuse of all animals punishable. As enforcement of these statutes proved lax, in 1920 the Society set up a rural inspectorate, active until its replacement by the National Animal Inspection Foundation in 1975. Additionally, the Society backed a 1961 law on animal protection, which among other provisions banned using dogs as pack animals.

In the 1980s the Society actively campaigned against ritual slaughter. In 1984 the State Secretary of Agriculture and Fisheries, relying on the DSPA Ritual Slaughter Commission report, decided to gradually eliminate the production of ritually slaughtered meat for export. The Ministry of Agriculture argued that this ruling didn't affect the production of ritually slaughtered meat for the consumption within the Netherlands and therefore did not infringe upon religious freedoms. However, the Ministry of Interior ruled it a violation of the principle of religious freedom, and the decision was eventually cancelled

In 1984 DSPA started a national campaign promoting the sale of free range eggs (, literally: scratching eggs). New distribution channels were created and special stickers were produced by DSPA, marking the bakeries and the restaurants that use scratching eggs.

In 1985 a new draft of the Dutch Animal Health Act was issued. It contained a new chapter on animal welfare, so its name was amended accordingly, to Animal Health and Welfare Act. Because the new Welfare Act resulted in few concrete measures, DSPA took the initiative for revising it. According to DSPA, the Welfare Act should implement the "no-unless" principle - no practices that injure animal welfare are allowed, unless specific regulations permitting it exist. As a result of DSPA efforts, the Dutch parliament requested the Ministry of Agriculture to revise the Welfare Act in accordance with the "no-unless

Finance
According to the 1906 Jewish Encyclopedia, Gideon began business in 1720 with a capital of £1,500 (worth £176,100 in 2019) inherited from his family, which increased so rapidly that in 1729 he was admitted a sworn broker with a capital of £25,000 (worth £3,670,000 in 2019). Gideon was involved in financial activities as a broker, a middle-man in the metal trade with the British East India Company. He was one of a number of contemporary Sephardic financiers in British public life who specialised in metal brokering, along with Abraham Mocatta. The Swedish Hats-government (controlled by pro-Jacobite freemasons) had invited Sephardic Jews in England to join the Swedish East India Company, which also included a number of Scottish diaspora who were members of the Masonic Lodges. The British government thus encouraged pro-Hanoverian freemason Joseph Salvador and Sampson Gideon to entice influential Scots to join the  British East India Company to undermine the Swedish-based Jacobite masonry.

Sampson Gideon was able to successfully navigate the South Sea Company bubble, which bankrupted so many prominent people in Britain (indeed, James Picciotto in his Sketches of Anglo-Jewish History states that no "Hebrew" name is to be found on the list of insolvencies). Gideon offered his services, both private and political, to Robert Walpole and his ruling Whiggish government under the new Hanoverian monarchy. The first major conflict that he helped to financed was the War of Jenkins' Ear, which pitted the British Empire against the Spanish Empire in the Caribbean and New Granada. The Spanish Inquisition was still active and many of the Sephardi traders in the West Indies consequently viewed the Spanish cause in the conflict as potentially threatening to their trade interests. 

Gideon's most significant historical act came during the Jacobite rising of 1745 during the War of the Austrian Succession when he provided assistance to the sitting Whig-Hanoverian regime against Charles Edward Stuart (the Young Pretender) and the Jacobites who were attempting to restore the Stuart monarchy, with the help of their Bourbon French allies. When the Young Pretender landed on the west-coast of Scotland in July 1745, there was panic in London as most of the British Army was engaged on the European Continent at the time. Consequently, there was

Villains

Mnemoth

Mnemoth is a hunger spirit, which originates from an unknown plane of Hell. It patterns its physical form after insects and it can appear as a swarm of locusts or as a single oversized insectoid monster. Mnemoth derives its strength from humanity's compulsive desire to consume. Consumption can come in many forms, and a person's need for food is not the only facet of human frailty that draws Mnemoth's attention. Fear and desire likewise add to the creature's power, and the more of each that is available to him, the stronger he becomes.

First appearance in Hellblazer #1

The First of the Fallen

A demon, and ruler of Hell. Known in the mortal world as Satan (not the same as Lucifer),  tried to claim the soul of a friend of Constantine's that had been sold to him. He was tricked (and assaulted) by Constantine, resulting in him missing his agreed-upon deadline to claim the soul. Later in the same storyline, the First was shown as being one of a triumvirate of rulers in Hell - with the other two devils (the Second and Third of the Fallen) only having the power to defeat him if they acted together. This later led him to have a grudge on Constantine.

First appearance in Hellblazer #42

Nergal

A demon who gives John Constantine his demon blood in an attempt to trap him. Nergal is the demon originally summoned in Newcastle at the failed exorcism which set John's magical career in motion. John originally escaped him by luring him to the edge of Heaven, where he was punished accordingly.

He has since returned several times, after clawing his way back up through the ranks of Hell. His daughter, Rosacarnis, has also taken up her father's vendetta against John Constantine.

First appearance in Hellblazer #8

Rosacarnis
A high-ranking demoness and the daughter of Nergal. John Constantine met her while she was in the guise of a little girl. Before he left for Earth, Nergal took Rosacarnis down to a cellar, where he was keeping Eryme, a servant. He had heard Eryme singing to Rosa while she brushed her hair, in order to comfort the young demon after the loss of her mother.

Germaine Rouillard (4 August 1888 – 1 September 1946) was a 20th-century French byzantinist specializing in philology.

Biography 
The daughter of a wealthy and educated pharmacist of Argenton-sur-Creuse where she spent her childhood, she was well educated in Indre and Paris then was a librarian at the Sorbonne. In 1923 she obtained her State doctorate in literature at the Faculté of Paris. She was never elected a female professor at the Sorbonne but became the first woman to hold a chair, that of Byzantine philology at the École pratique des hautes études where she would make all her academic career. She was specialized in papyrology and Byzantine philology.

Selected works 
1923: L'administration civile de l’Égypte byzantine, preface by Charles Diehl, 268 p., P. Gauthier, Paris, doctorate thesis
1923: Les papyrus grecs de Vienne, inventaire des documents publiés, H. Champion, Paris, complementary thesis
1937: Actes de Lavru, édition diplomatique et critique by Germaine Rouillard and Paul Collomp, in Archives de l'Athos, vol. I, (p. 897–1178), L. Lethielleux, Paris.
1932: Les taxes maritimes et commerciales d'après les actes de Patnos et de Lavru, in Mélanges Charles Diehl, tome I, (p. 277–289)
1953: La vie rurale dans l'Empire byzantin, 207 p., Adrien Maisonneuve, Paris, (posthumous).

Bibliography 
1929: R. Draguet, "Compte-rendu de L'administration civile de l'Egypte byzantine", in Revue belge de philosophie et d'histoire, volume VIII, (p. 246–248).
1932: R. Guillaud, "Compte-rendu de Les taxes maritimes et commerciales d'après les actes de Patnos et de Lavru", in Annales d'histoire économique et sociale,  (p. 429–430), volume IV, n° 6.
1947: Claire Préaux, "Germaine Rouillard

History
Opened in 1904, the Franklin Square Theatre was designed in 1902 by the local architectural firm of Cutting, Carleton & Cutting. It was commissioned by Ramson C. Taylor, a prominent Worcester real estate developer.

Upon its sale, Poli remodeled the theatre, renamed it The Grand, and continued to show silent movies.  In 1926 he hired renowned theatre designer Thomas W. Lamb, doubled the theatre's seating capacity to 3,500 and transformed the building into a palatial showcase, including a two-story lobby with mirrored walls, marbleized columns, an ornate grand staircase, and an immense chandelier in the main auditorium, just in time for the beginning of sound film, or the talkies in 1927.

In 1928, Poli sold his theatre holdings to William Fox who then renamed it the Loew's Poli.  After another change of ownership, Sumner Redstone and Redstone Theaters purchased the building in 1967 opening it as Showcase Cinemas and continued operations as a multiscreen movie house until 1998 when Redstone's National Amusements closed the theatre.  In 2002, National Amusements transferred ownership to the non-profit Worcester Center for the Performing Arts, established by Ed Madaus and Paul Demoga.

After extensive fundraising efforts and building community support, the theatre opened in March 2008 and was named The Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts, after one of the theatre's corporate sponsors (Hanover Insurance) donated much of the seed money to make the opening become a reality.

Today, the theatre has seating capacity for 2300 patrons, and hosts nationally prominent entertainers, Broadway national touring companies, family touring companies, as well as providing a local outlet for community based artists and organizations.  The Franklin Square Salon Gallery, located on the second floor, features art exhibits organized by ArtsWorcester.

The theatre, under the name Poli's Palace Theater, was added the National Register of Historic Places in January 2011.

The Hanover Theatre Conservatory for the Performing Arts was added in 2016.  The conservatory provides space for education and outreach and provides classrooms for acting and vocal training, and various aspects of theatre production including lighting, costume design, and scenic and prop design.  It also provides barres for ballet and movement training.

Gallery

See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in northwestern Worcester, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in

Late Iron Age and Roman artefacts found at the site include ceramic loom weights and parts of pots and plates; Roman coins from the 1st to the 4th centuries AD, but particularly the late 3rd to late 4th centuries; copper items including brooches, a pin and a bracelet, iron items, particularly nails; lead items including weights, pot rivets and lead shot; and stone items including several quern-stones and a whetstone.

Bone fragments found at the site came mostly from cattle (16.4%), sheep and goats (10.7%) and horses (10.7%). Farming at the site seems to have been mostly pastoral; there was little evidence of arable cultivation.

History
The settlement arose by a ford across the Thames, from which it derived its toponym ("sheep ford"). It was mentioned in a charter of 1005, when the estate was granted to Eynsham Abbey.

A 17th century tradition that Alfred the Great held a council at Shifford arose from a reference to Sifford in the 12th or 13th century poem The Proverbs of Alfred, now thought not to refer to this place.

In the 17th century Shifford had between 15 and 23 houses. By 1881 the population had risen to 70 but by 1951, the last year for which separate figures are available, it had fallen to 27. It is now a largely deserted village.

Until the 19th century Shifford was a township in the parish of Bampton. It became a separate civil parish in 1866. In 1954 the parish was united with Aston Bampton to form the parish of Aston Bampton and Shifford, later renamed Aston, Cote, Shifford and Chimney.

Chapel

Shifford was never an ecclesiastical parish but in medieval times it was a dependent chapelry of Bampton. The chapel was later described as "Georgian" and became derelict by the 19th century. In 1863 it was replaced with a Gothic Revival one designed by the architect Joseph Clarke. It is a Grade II listed building.

Shifford Lock

A lock on the River Thames was built in 1898 half a mile upstream from Shifford. It is accessible on foot from Chimney, but not directly from Shifford.

References

Sources

External links

Category:Villages in

On 21 February 2020, it was confirmed by the couple that they would not use the "Sussex Royal" brand name "in any territory" following their withdrawal from public life in spring 2020 and all the applications filed for trademarking the name were removed. Meanwhile, a spokesperson for the couple added that they would continue to work with their existing patronages in addition to establishing a non-profit organisation.

On 27 February 2020, Bill Blair, the Canadian Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness announced that it would cease providing security for the couple on 31 March, "in keeping with their change in status." In the same announcement, it was confirmed that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police provided security for the couple on an as needed basis, since their arrival to Canada in November 2019.

Reactions

In Britain

The initial British reactions to the 8 January announcement was of surprise, and concern whether the decision was properly thought through; the story dominated the British news cycle. The Washington Post noted several British polls that showed general support for the couple's desire to move, but with concern over the future exposure of the British exchequer to the couple (and issues of the renovation costs of Frogmore Cottage), and with unhappiness that the Queen's approval had not been sought for their announcement.

British prime minister Boris Johnson distanced himself from the news, stating: "The royal family is one of the great, great assets of this country. I’m sure they are going to sort it out and I don’t think it’s necessarily helped by commentary from me." NBC News reported on analysis implying that the impact to the British economy from the loss of the couple could be material.  Madame Tussauds immediately moved its waxwork figures of Harry and Meghan away from the display including the other members of the British royal family to a separate area.

On 19 January, The Daily Telegraph described the final agreement between the couple and the Royal Family as "the hardest possible Megxit", a view shared by many other British news sources;  and that "Royal history was made". The Guardian reported that the "outcome is, perhaps, not the half-in, half-out role the couple appear to have anticipated". On 20 January 2020, royal biographer Penny Junor also told The New York Times that "The family is trying to prevent a half-in, half-out arrangement, which doesn’t work".  On 22 January, The Guardian published a cartoon

Early life
Stanislav Messing was born into a Jewish family, the child of a musician and a midwife (accoucheuse). Due to financial difficulties, he only finished four classes in grammar school, after which he studied to become a locksmith. He eventually began working in a printing house.

Career 
In 1908, he joined the Social Democratic Party of Poland, where he met Felix Dzerzhinsky and Józef Unszlicht, who had given him patronage after the Great Revolution of 1917. He was arrested several times and imprisoned in the Warsaw Fortress. In the same year, he was sentenced to administrative deportation to Belgium, where he earned his livelihood as an unskilled laborer. In 1911, Messing returned to his homeland and continued to participate in the activities of the Social Democratic Party of Poland. He was arrested again and then released.

In 1913, he was drafted into the army and served in Turkestan as a common soldier of the 17th Turkestan Regiment, which had been based at the Caucasian Front since 1914. In 1917, he was elected a member of the regimental soldiers' committee.

Petrograd and Moscow 
In the spring of 1917, during the Russian revolution, Messing was in Moscow and participated in street unrest. Immediately after the revolution he was appointed secretary of the Sokolniki Executive Committee and chairman of the Sokolniki District Cheka. Beginning in December 1918, Messing was the head of the secret operations department of the Moscow Cheek. In July 1920, he was approved a member of the VChK Council. On January 3, 1921, he was appointed chairman of the Moscow Cheka. and in November of that year become chairman of Leningrad, then still called Petrograd

Petrograd
In November 1921, Felix Dzerzhinsky, who directed the Red Terror during post-revolution Russia, appointed Messing as chairman of the Petrograd Cheka. He held this rank from November 3, 1921, to February 6, 1922. Petrograd was a capital of Russia until 1922; in 1922, Moscow became the capital again.

Moscow
In 1929, implicated in Bukharin-Kamenev affair and the poor health conditions of Mezhinsky, Trilisser lost out against Messing and Messing was appointed as second deputy chairman of OGPU.

References

Category:1890 births
Category:1937

Pro Evolution Soccer 2016

Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 (abbreviated as PES 2016, marketed as Winning Eleven 2016 in Japan) is a football simulation game developed by PES Productions and published by Konami for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One. It is the fifteenth edition of the Pro Evolution Soccer series and marks PES Productions' 20th year of producing football games. The cover of the game features Neymar Jr (seen wearing his Brazil national team kit). The name of the game has been changed from "World Soccer: Winning Eleven" to "Pro Evolution Soccer" in Asia, except  Japan where it is titled "Winning Eleven". PES 2016 was succeeded by Pro Evolution Soccer 2017.

Leagues and cups
At E3 2015, it was announced that Konami had extended their license for the UEFA Champions League, the UEFA Europa League and the UEFA Super Cup until 2018. At Gamescom 2015, it was announced that Konami had acquired the exclusive license for the upcoming UEFA Euro 2016; however, it was not going to be a part of the game from the beginning, and was eventually released in an update on 24 March 2016. Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 includes Ligue 1, La Liga, AFC Champions League, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, UEFA Super Cup, Copa Libertadores, Copa Sudamericana (2014 and 2015 seasons), Recopa Sudamericana, an unlicensed Serie A with 19 licensed teams, an unlicensed Premier League, with only Manchester United licensed, 3 teams from Bundesliga (Bayern Munich, Wolfsburg and Borussia Mönchengladbach) but still not a stand-in for the league, an unlicensed Football League Championship, an unlicensed Serie B, an unlicensed Portuguese League (only Benfica, Sporting CP and Porto were licensed), Ligue 2, Liga Adelante, an unlicensed Brazilian League, an unlicensed Chilean League (with only the teams competing in Copa Libertadores and Copa Sudamericana licensed), Eredivisie, an unlicensed Argentine League (with only the teams competing in Copa Libertadores and Copa Sudamericana licensed) and 4 teams from Brazilian Second Division (Vitória, Bahia, Botafogo and Criciúma).

Demo Teams
The PES 2016 Dem

After the arrest of Mafia boss Totò Riina in January 1993, the remaining bosses, among them La Barbera, Giuseppe Graviano, Matteo Messina Denaro, Giovanni Brusca, Leoluca Bagarella, and Antonino Gioè, came together a few times (often in the Santa Flavia area in Bagheria, on an estate owned by the mafioso Leonardo Greco). They decided on a strategy to force the Italian state to retreat. That resulted in a series of bomb attacks in 1993 in the Via dei Georgofili in Florence, in Via Palestro in Milan and in the Piazza San Giovanni in Laterano, and Via San Teodoro in Rome, which left 10 people dead and 93 injured as well as damage to centres of cultural heritage such as the Uffizi Gallery.

On March 23, 1993, La Barbera, Antonino Gioè and Salvatore Bentivegna were arrested in Milan. The police taped them while they were planning bomb attacks. La Barbera started to collaborate with the authorities in November 1993. 

La Barbera confessed his participation in the slaying of Antimafia judge Giovanni Falcone. He followed Falcone's car as it sped toward Palermo, keeping in constant touch with Leoluca Bagarella, Antonino Gioè and Giovanni Brusca on the hillside near Capaci. Brusca set off the explosion. 

He also admitted to have been involved in the killing of Salvo Lima, the former mayor of Palermo.

His father Girolamo La Barbera (born in 1925) was murdered on June 10, 1994, because he defended the choice of his son to become a pentito. The killing was staged as a suicide. Among the killers were Michele Traina and Domenico Raccuglia. The order came from Giovanni Brusca. Traina and Raccuglia received life sentences for the killing in June 2005, while Brusca was sentenced to 13 years.

In October 1997, the pentito La Barbera was rearrested. Although a key witness in several important trials under way, he had returned home and recommenced his criminal activities and avenge atrocities carried out on family members.

References

Jamieson, Alison (2000), The Antimafia. Italy’s Fight Against Organized Crime, London: MacMillan Press 

Category:

The line "deserts of vast eternity" is used in the novel Orlando: A Biography, by Virginia Woolf, which was published in 1928.

Archibald MacLeish's poem "", alludes to the passage of time and to the growth and decline of empires. In his poem, the speaker, lying on the ground at sunset, feels "the rising of the night". He visualizes sunset, moving from east to west geographically, overtaking the great civilizations of the past, and feels "how swift how secretly / The shadow of the night comes on."

B. F. Skinner quotes "But at my back I always hear / Time's wingèd chariot hurrying near", through his character Professor Burris in Walden Two, who is in a confused mood of desperation, lack of orientation, irresolution  and indecision. (Prentice Hall 1976, Chapter 31, p. 266). This line is also quoted in Ernest Hemingway's novel A Farewell to Arms, as in Arthur C. Clarke's short story, The Ultimate Melody.

The same line appears in full in the opening minutes of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger's A Matter of Life and Death (1946), spoken by the protagonist, pilot and poet Peter Carter: 'But at my back I always hear / Time's wingèd chariot hurrying near; And yonder all before us lie / Deserts of vast eternity. Andy Marvell, What a Marvel'.

The line "A fine and private place, but none, I think, do there embrace" appears in Stephen King's novel Pet Sematary.

The line "My vegetable love should grow / Vaster than empires, and more slow" is quoted by William S. Burroughs in the last entry of his diary (July 29, 1997).

The line "I would Love you ten years before the Flood, And you should, if you please, refuse Till the conversion of the Jews. My vegetable love should grow Vaster than empires, and more slow." Is used as the preamble to part three of Greg Bear's Nebula award winning novel "Moving Mars".

References

External links
To His Coy Mistress: A Study Guide With an Annotated Copy of the Poem
 
Discworld & Terry Pratchett Wiki

Category:1650s poems
Category:1681 poems
Category:Po

John Beckett, Lord Beckett

John Beckett, Lord Beckett,  is a Scottish lawyer who was appointed in 2016 as a Senator of the College of Justice, a judge of the Court of Session.

Beckett was Solicitor General for Scotland, the country's junior Law Officer from October 2006 to May 2007. He was appointed by Labour First Minister Jack McConnell on the appointment of former Solicitor General Elish Angiolini to the senior role of Lord Advocate. After the 2007 Scottish election, newly elected Scottish National Party First Minister Alex Salmond replaced Labour Party member Beckett with Frank Mulholland, who later became Lord Advocate. Beckett then became floating sheriff sitting mainly at Glasgow Sheriff Court.

Early life
Beckett was born in Crawley, a town in West Sussex about 28 miles (45 km) south of London. His family moved to Edinburgh in 1968 and he was educated at Edinburgh Academy and Broughton High School before studying at the School of Law of the University of Edinburgh.

Career
Beckett worked initially as a defence solicitor in Edinburgh, and was elected to the Faculty of Advocates in 1993. He was junior defence counsel for Abdelbaset al-Megrahi under William Taylor QC during the Lockerbie trial at the Scottish Court in the Netherlands in 2000. He became an Advocate Depute and Senior Advocate Depute in 2003, and Queen's Counsel (QC) in 2005, and prosecuted the infamous murder case of baby Caleb Ness. He was appointed Principal Advocate Depute from 1 January 2006. On his appointment as Solicitor General that October, he was succeeded by Brian McConnachie.

Solicitor General
Following the resignation of Colin Boyd as Lord Advocate, Solicitor General Elish Angiolini was nominated for the post by First Minister Jack McConnell. Beckett was in turn nominated to succeed Angiolini as Solicitor General. The nomination was met with some criticism due to Beckett's membership of the Labour Party, but was ultimately approved by the Scottish Parliament on 5 October 2006. Beckett, along with Angiolini, was sworn in at the Court of Session in Edinburgh on 12 October 2006 and appointed by the Queen under the royal warrant. Beckett's appointment lasted only eight months however; the 2007 Scottish Parliament election resulted in the Scottish National Party forming a minority government, and new First Minister Alex Salmond replaced Beckett with politically neutral Frank Mulholland QC

The advantage of mesocosm studies is that environmental gradients of interest (e.g., warming temperatures) can be controlled or combined to separate and understand the underlying mechanism(s) affecting the growth or survival of species, populations or communities of interest. By manipulating gradients (e.g., climate variables) mesocosm studies can extend beyond available data helping to build better models of the effects of different scenarios. Mesocosm experiments also tend to include replication of different treatment levels.

Manipulating something can give us an idea as to what to expect if something were to occur in that ecosystem or environment. For indoor mesocosms, growth chambers allow us to control the experiment. You can place plants in a growth chamber and manipulate the air, temperature, heat and light distribution and observe the effects when exposed to different amounts of each factor.

Greenhouses also contribute to mesocosm studies although sometimes, it may induce climate change, interfering with the experiment and resulting in inefficient data.

Disadvantages 

Using growth chambers for a laboratory experiment is sometimes a disadvantage due to the limited amount of space. 
  Another disadvantage to using mesocosms is not adequately imitating the environment, causing the organism to avoid giving off a certain reaction versus its natural behavior in its original environment.

Examples 

[A]  Mazzeo and colleagues examined the eating habits of Hoplias malabaricus fish when exposed to different amounts of phytoplankton, zooplankton, and competition. Three months prior to conducting the experiment, they maintained an average precipitation, air temperature, and overall subtropical environment. Using 12 units, they filled them with aquifer water, sand and plants and kept them in isolation until the environment became suitable for phytoplankton to emerge. After careful preparation, Mazzeo et al. began the experiment dividing those units into categories of a control (zooplankton and phytoplankton) and 3 experiments: (Jenynsia multidentata with zooplankton and phytoplankton), (juvenile Hoplias malabaricus with zooplankton and phytoplankton), and (Large Hoplias malabaricus, Jenynsia multidentata, zooplankton, and phytoplankton) and observed biomass differences within different conditions.

[B]  Flanagan and McCauley tested the effects of climate warming on carbon dioxide concentration on shallow ponds by creating an eight-cylinder shaped in situ mesoc

In 1917, Stelle was hired by the Board of Trustees of the Tampa Free Library to serve as its first director. The brand new Tampa Free Library was funded by well known industrialist and philanthropist, Andrew Carnegie, who donated $50,000 for the library to be built, along with funds supplemented by the city. Although the library had been built by 1915, it officially opened in April 1917 and Stelle was in the receiving line, along with the Library Board, to greet its first visitors. In opening the new library, Stelle had the difficult task of not only buying the materials to stock the shelves but also in "selling" the idea of a library to the community. The location of the library was inconvenient for people to access and the residents of Tampa were at first, uninterested in any library services.  Stelle was able to secure a donation of 4000 volumes from Mr. and Mrs. L.H. Lothridge to start the library collection and worked with Mayor Curtis Hixon to bring bus routes near the library to increase accessibility. Stelle oversaw the daily operations of the library which included organizing staff and selecting new materials. She also reported regularly to the Carnegie Corporation about the finances and state of the Carnegie libraries in Tampa.

After seven years as director, Stelle was able to add 25,621 books to the collection, as well as 141 periodical subscriptions. Her and her staff also conducted "story hours" for children at some of the local branches with a monthly attendance of over 1,000. More proof of her success was given in 1927, when Stelle presented to the Rotary Club in Tampa and showed how the library "operated at a lower cost per book and patron than any library in a city of like population". Under her direction, library service in the Tampa area expanded to included eight new branches and the addition of bookmobile service.

In 1932, Stelle took a leave of absence from the Tampa Free Library and traveled to Charleston, South Carolina to oversee and organize the opening of a new library. Stelle was recommended for the task by the American Library Association  due to her successful record in Tampa. While in Charleston, Stelle evaluated the current library staff and conditions of the facility. She noted that many of the staff, particularly those working at the African American branch, needed proper library training and that many files and records in the library were inaccurate or out of order. She recommended enlarging the library's collection and emphasized obtaining more children's books for their simplicity,

The Burgkirche was a Reformed Protestant church of the Prussian Union in Königsberg, Prussia.

History
After the conversion of the Hohenzollern elector John Sigismund of Brandenburg, also Duke of Prussia from 1612, the first Calvinist service was performed in 1616 by the Hessian court chaplain Johannes Crocius in a hall of Königsberg Castle. In 1662 the 'Great Elector' Frederick William ordered the building of a new Reformed church and Latin school in the Burgfreiheit quarter near the castle, granting land near a slaughterhouse. The transfer of land only occurred in 1665, however, and the initiative was halted until the 1680s.

In 1687 the court expanded the grounds for the church by purchasing a garden on the Schlossteich pond north of the former slaughterhouse from Oberburggraf Ahasverus von Lehndorff. The new Baroque church was built from 1690–96; Johann Arnold Nering modeled it after the sober appearance of the Nieuwe Kerk in The Hague. It was dedicated in the presence of the new King in Prussia, Frederick I on 23 January 1701. By 1819 the German reformed church was known simply as the Burgkirche (Castle Church).

The wooden vault of the nave was covered with stucco, and only the apses had a stellar vault. The pulpit was on the long side of the nave covered with a crown. The organ was the work of Johann Josua Mosengel's assistant Georg Siegmund Caspari (1693–1741), who built the instrument as his “Probstück“ (=masterpiece) under Mosengel's supervision. It was, like many organs in Konigsberg, decorated with the Prussian eagle and is considered to be the last new built organ in the area of East Prussia, which was equipped with a choir organ. Commissioned by commerce official Charles Cabrit, the church's portal was designed in 1727 with allegorical sandstone figures of justice, love and, charity.

Between 1817 and 1945 the congregation formed part of the Evangelical Church in Prussia, a church body comprising Reformed, Lutheran and United Protestant congregations. The church was severely damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg in World War II and burnt out completely. The remnants were demolished by the

Origins 
The first ferry service in the region was put in place by the founder of Halifax Edward Cornwallis, who used the ferry service to move raw materials and people from a sawmill located on the Dartmouth side of the harbour. During this time there was no official service and it was not until 1752, after a council meeting, that the first ferry charter was issued to John Connor This began the official ferry service between Halifax and Dartmouth. At this time regulations stated that the boats would be run from sunrise until sunset through weekdays with a fare of three pence. In these early stages there was no schedule. Patrons would simply walk down to the pier and be taken across as needed. Connor operated the ferry for only one year and after his departure the operation of the ferry changed hands twice more before 1786.

History 
The first true ferry to be employed in the harbour was not until 1816 the Sherbrooke classified as a Horseboat being powered by (in Sherbrooke’s case) nine horses walking in a circular motion in the centre of the ferry powering the central paddle. This ferry was thought to be a large improvement to the previous service due to its speed and ability to transport more people and cargo from either side of the harbour. This ferry operated in the harbour until 1830 when the first steam ferry, the Sir Charles Ogle, entered service. The continuing ferry service remained the only effective way of crossing the harbour until 1955, when the Angus L. Macdonald Bridge was first opened.

The current generation of the ferry system was implemented by the former City of Dartmouth as part of major revitalization projects undertaken in both Dartmouth and Halifax in the 1970s. All five ferries currently in service were designed by Dartmouth company, E.Y.E. Marine Consultants. In 1994, the City of Dartmouth transferred control of the ferry system to Metro Transit, later known as Halifax Transit.

Current operation 
Today Halifax Transit maintains and operates the ferry service by providing two passenger ferry routes, one connecting downtown Halifax with Alderney Landing in Dartmouth (which operates daily) and the other connecting downtown Halifax with Woodside (Monday through Friday only). The harbour ferries are utilized by over 3,000 commuters daily.  Both routes operate using two vessels each on a fifteen-minute schedule during peak hours, and using one vessel each on a thirty-minute schedule off-peak.


Rodgers' concept was little different from the one ultimately used in the Pacific War: a "leapfrog" campaign to conquer the Marshalls and Carolines (held by Japan before the war); liberation of the Philippines; and blockade. Absent was the "decisive battle" of Mahan, and of Japanese planning.

Japanese plans
The Imperial Japanese Navy developed a counter-plan to allow the U.S. Pacific Fleet to sail across the Pacific while using submarines and carrier attacks to weaken it. The Japanese fleet would then attempt to force a battle against the weakened U.S. fleet in a "decisive battle area", near Japan (see Kantai Kessen), also in line with Mahanian doctrine, which Japan had enthusiastically embraced. It was the basis for Japan's demand for a 70% ratio (10:10:7) at the Washington Naval Conference, which was considered necessary to provide Japan superiority in the "decisive battle area" (taking into account that the U.S. had naval commitments in other theaters, while Japan did not), as well as the United States' insistence on 60%, which amounted to parity.

Outcomes 
Actual events generally followed the plan. Although carrier battles and the use of airplanes and submarines overshadowed surface action, the "leapfrog" campaign played out largely as anticipated.

The Imperial Japanese Navy, obsessed with the "decisive battle" doctrine, ignored the vital need for defense against submarines. The German and American submarine campaigns against their opponents' merchant shipping demonstrated the need for anti-submarine warfare. While the Allies took extensive measures to combat the threat of German U-boats, the Japanese failed to counter the American submarines which ultimately choked Japan's industrial production and paralyzed her navy. Japan also notably failed to institute an anti-commerce campaign herself; systematic use of commerce raiders could have made Allied operations much more complex and conquering and holding Japanese-held islands more difficult.

American war planners failed to appreciate that technological advances in submarines and naval aviation had made Mahan's doctrine obsolete and did not anticipate a pre-emptive strike from the Japanese. In particular, they did not yet know either that aircraft would  be able to effectively sink battleships or that Japan might put the American battleship force (the Battle Line) out of action at a stroke, which actually happened at Pearl Harbor.

American plans changed after this attack. Even

|-
| John Adams
| Former Minister to Great Britain
| Massachusetts

|-
| John Jay
| United States Secretary of Foreign Affairs
| New York

|-
| John Rutledge
| Former Governor of South Carolina
| South Carolina

|-
| John Hancock
| Governor of Massachusetts
| Massachusetts

|-
| Samuel Huntington
| Governor of Connecticut
| Connecticut

|-
| Benjamin Lincoln| Former U.S. Secretary of War
| Massachusetts

|-
| George Washington| Former Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army
| Virginia

|}

Anti-Federalist candidates

General election

No nomination process existed. The framers of the Constitution presumed that Washington would be elected unopposed. For example, Alexander Hamilton spoke for national opinion when in a letter to Washington attempting to persuade him to leave retirement on his farm in Mount Vernon to serve as the first President, he wrote that "...the point of light in which you stand at home and abroad will make an infinite difference in the respectability in which the government will begin its operations in the alternative of your being or not being the head of state." 

Uncertain was the choice for the vice presidency, which contained no definite job description beyond being the President's designated successor while presiding over the Senate. The Constitution stipulated that the position would be awarded to the runner-up in the Presidential election. Because Washington was from Virginia, then the largest state, many assumed that electors would choose a vice president from a northern state. However, the stipulation that the President and Vice-President must be from different states dates only to the Twelfth Amendment of 1804.  In an August 1788 letter, U.S. Minister to France Thomas Jefferson wrote that he considered John Adams and John Hancock, both from Massachusetts, to be the top contenders. Jefferson suggested John Jay, John Rutledge, and Virginian James Madison as other possible candidates. Adams received 34 electoral votes, one short of a majority - because the Constitution did not require an outright majority in the Electoral College prior to ratification of the Twelfth Amendment to elect a runner-up as Vice President, Adams was elected to that post. 

Voter turnout comprised a low single-digit percentage of the adult population. Though all states allowed some rudimentary form of popular vote, only 6 ratifying states allowed any form of popular vote specifically for Presidential electors.  In most states only white men,

A number of notable factories would have employed a number of local people:

 Maudslay’s Ironworks and Engineering — Westminster Bridge Road — 1810-1899
 Napier and Son Ltd, engineers - York Road - 1830-1903
 John Doulton’s pottery — Lambeth High Street — 1826, and from the 1870s at the Doulton Works on the Thames Embankment
 William Clowes (Printer) & Sons — 1825 in Upper Ground, and then in Duke Street (in the 1840s was the largest printworks in the world). It closed following bombing in 1941.

In August 1815, the Bedlam Hospital was opened nearby for 200 patients.  The dome was added between 1830 and 1850.  It remained until 1930 when patients were moved to a new site in Beckenham.

By 1824, most of the cultivated land had been built over, including the addition of the following streets.

Sometime after the opening of Waterloo railway station in 1848 the locality around the station and Lower Marsh became known as Waterloo.

Vauxhall Bridge and Vauxhall Bridge Road were opened in 1816. By 1860 the village had been subsumed by the town of Lambeth.

The arrival of the railway
Waterloo station was built in 1848 and completely changed forever Lambeth Marsh's relationship to its surroundings.  The sheer scale and proximity of the railway created a barrier between the street and the rest of the Lambeth Marsh.

Lower Marsh was not a place that respectable Londoners would have ventured in the latter part of the 19th century.

George Sala "Twice Round the Clock" 1859

Writing of the New Cut:

"It isn’t picturesque, it isn’t quaint, it isn’t curious. It has not even the questionable merit of being old.  It is simply Low.  It is sordid, squalid, and the truth must out, disreputable.  The broad thoroughfare, which, bordered with fitting houses, would make one of the handsomest streets in London, is gorged with vile, rotten tenements, occupied, by merchants who ofttimes pursue the very contrary to innocent callings.  Everything is second hand, except the leviathan gin shops, which are ghastly in their newness and richness of decoration.  The broad pavement presents

Discovery of TCE contamination at the Sacramento facility also led Aerojet to look into possible contamination of the groundwater at Aerojet's Azusa facility, where much of the testing of JATO's and Rocket engines were conducted before moving those operations to Sacramento. In 1980, it was announced that there was TCE contamination in the groundwater at Aerojet's facility in Azusa in a hearing chaired by State Senator Esteben Torres. In 1985, it was declared a Superfund Site by the EPA as San Gabriel Superfund Site II and the cleanup done under the Baldwin Park Operable Unit. In 1997, it was also discovered that there was also NDMA and Ammonium Perchlorate contamination in this plume and that Aerojet was once again labeled a Potentially Responsible Party (PRP) in this action. Aerojet sold this facility in 2001 to Northrop Grumman Corporation.

Aerojet's disposal of toxic material occurred 20 years prior to the establishment of a provisional perchlorate RfD limit of 0.0001 mg/kg/day in 1992 (to have been achieved by all companies by 1995). This limit was increased to 0.0009 mg/kg/day in 1998, and prior to the results from NAS studies, the limit was reduced to 0.00004 mg/kg/day in 2002. The NAS studies disputed the 0.00004 limit, and recommended its current limit of 0.0007 mg/kg/day.

Products

Rockets
Aerobee
Aerojet General X-8

See also
 Scout (rocket) – Aerojet manufactured the "Algol" first stage of this USAF/NASA orbital launch vehicle
 Bristol Aerojet - joint venture in the UK with Bristol Aeroplane Company
 Robert Truax
 Sea Dragon (rocket)
 Aquarius Launch Vehicle

References

External links
 
 Aerojet Rocketdyne website
 GenCorp website
 Google Maps view of the Florida facility

 
Category:GenCorp
Category:Aerospace companies of the United States
Category:Defunct aircraft manufacturers of the United States
Category:Rocket engine manufacturers of the United States
Category:Manufacturing companies based in California
Category:Technology companies based in California
Category:Companies based in Sacramento, California
Category:Defunct companies based in California
Category:Manufacturing companies established in 1942
Category

In January 2005, Petters Group Worldwide purchased the Polaroid brand for $426 million, with plans to use it on consumer electronics and new technologies.  In 2006, Petters Group Worldwide acquired Sun Country Airlines. Petters Group Worldwide became a diverse holding company with 3,200 employees and investments or full ownership in 60 companies, of which it actively managed 20. With offices in North America, South America, Asia, and Europe, it had $2.3 billion in revenue in 2007.

Prosecution, conviction and sentencing

In about 2008, the FBI began investigating Petters for his role in a fraud scheme involving more than $100 million in investments.  On September 24, 2008, federal investigators raided the Petters headquarters in Minnetonka and searched Tom Petters' Wayzata home. Documents released by the FBI, IRS, and other federal agencies noted that they were seeking evidence of a scheme to lure investors into funding a company based on tens of millions of dollars in purchases and sales that never occurred. The documents noted that a witness associated with Petters and his company came forward with documents and other information, and later wore a hidden microphone and recorded several conversations involving Petters and others who carried out the fraud. The affidavit alleges that Petters repeatedly admitted to the fraud scheme of providing false information to investors in the tapes; in addition, Petters admitted to falsifying his tax returns. On September 29, he resigned as the head of Petters Group Worldwide.

On October 3, Petters was arrested at his home in Wayzata. He was denied bail after prosecutors produced documents that alleged Petters had encouraged another person involved with the case to leave the country, that Petters had stated that he regretted turning over his passport, and that he had previously spoken about fleeing the country if the fraudulent scheme were discovered. The U.S. Attorney's Office charged him with mail fraud, wire fraud, money laundering and obstruction of justice.

The U.S. Attorney staff noted that the government knew nothing about the scheme until Deanna Coleman, vice president of operations for Petters Co., approached them to confess and offered to help federal authorities investigate. This led to the prosecution of Robert Dean White, who admitted to being involved in creating false bank statements and other documents that were used to trick investors in what he described as a massive Ponzi scheme. Both individuals made plea bargains with federal prosecutors in exchange for providing the government information on how the scheme worked. Coleman and White

In Japan, television advertisements related to religion are generally considered to be taboo, although Buddhist temples, Shintō shrines, Souka Gakkai, etc., have all produced advertisements for television. The Foundation's advertisements were declared "religious propaganda" by Germany's Federal Broadcasting Council in January, 2002, and as such their broadcast is prohibited in Germany.

David Chilton
David Chilton (1951–1997) was a pastor, Christian Reconstructionist, and author of several books on eschatology and preterism. He contributed three books on eschatology: Paradise Restored (1985), Days of Vengeance (1987), and The Great Tribulation (1987).

Gary DeMar
Gary DeMar is an American writer, lecturer and the president of American Vision, an American Christian nonprofit organization. The think-tank has a vision of "an America that recognizes the sovereignty of God over all of life and where Christians are engaged in every facet of society."

Jamie Buckingham
Jamie Buckingham (1932–1992)  was the founder of the Tabernacle Church in Melbourne, Florida.  He was the author of Run, Baby, Run (with Nickey Cruz), Shout it From the Housetops (with Pat Robertson), Ben Israel (with Arthur Katz) and 34 other books. Buckingham was editor for Charisma Magazine until his death in 1992. More about Jamie can be found at www.JamieBuckinghamMinistries.com.

Controversies

In Japan
Advertisements for a free copy of the book have appeared in Japan on TV Asahi, TV Tokyo, Tokyo Broadcasting System and Nippon Television, but Fuji Television refused to broadcast the ads because of the controversy surrounding them. The advertisements have generated suspicion about the Foundation's origins, activities and purposes, perhaps by the Foundation's failure to declare them to the public precisely.

In Germany
In Germany, TV advertisings for the book were banned because they were considered as "advertising a worldview or religion", which is forbidden by § 7 section 8 of the German state treaty on broadcasting (Rundfunkstaatsvertrag) and European laws on media. For its posters, newspaper adverts and leaflets, however, there was no such problem.

History 
 1955 - The National Liberty Foundation is established by Arthur S. DeMoss.
 1979 - DeMoss dies at age 53.
 His wife, Nancy

Red Sun (French: Soleil rouge, Italian: Sole rosso) is a 1971 Spaghetti Western film directed by Terence Young and starring Charles Bronson, Toshirō Mifune, Alain Delon, Ursula Andress, and Capucine. It was filmed in Spain by the British director Young with a screenplay by Denne Bart Petitclerc, William Roberts, and Lawrence Roman, from a story by Laird Koenig. It was released and released in the United States on June 9, 1972.

Plot
Link Stuart and Gauche are the ruthless co-leaders of a gang of bandits who rob a train of its $400,000 payload. On the train is the Japanese ambassador, on his way to Washington, who has with him a ceremonial tachi, a gift to the American president. Gauche steals the gold-handled sword and shoots dead one of the ambassador's two samurai guards. At the same time, by Gauche's order, other members of the gang double-cross Link by throwing dynamite into the train car he occupies and leaving him for dead. Before the gang departs, the surviving samurai guard, Kuroda, tells Gauche he intends to track him down and kill him, but Gauche is dismissive of the threat.

The Japanese ambassador instructs Link, who was not injured in the attempt to kill him but who has been disarmed, to assist Kuroda in tracking down Gauche. Kuroda is given one week to kill Gauche and recover the sword. If he fails both Kuroda and the ambassador will have to commit seppuku for having lost their honor in allowing the sword to be stolen and the samurai's death to go unavenged. Link reluctantly agrees, but he realizes that Kuroda will kill Gauche immediately, which Link does not want because he knows Gauche will have hidden the loot. Once they set off in pursuit of the gang, Link repeatedly attempts to elude Kuroda, only to be thwarted by the irrepressible samurai.

Sure enough, Gauche and four gang members bury the loot, and then he kills them so only he knows the hiding place. Gauche pays off others, who go their own way, and the remaining gang members remain with him. While tracking Gauche's gang, Link sees Kuro

Ulrich X (also called Ulric or Udalrich) ( –1097) was Count of Bregenz from 1079 to his death in 1097.

Life
Ulrich X was the son of Ulrich IX of Bregenz (d. 1079). 
In late 1080 or early 1081 Ulrich married Bertha of Rheinfelden, daughter of Rudolf of Rheinfelden. When he met Bertha, Ulrich was already betrothed to another woman, a daughter of Count Werner of Habsburg (d. 1096). Yet he and Bertha began an affair, and when her relatives found out, they compelled Ulrich to marry Bertha. 

During the Investiture Contest, Ulrich was on the papal side, allied with Rudolf of Rheinfelden and Welf I, Duke of Bavaria. With the permission of Pope Gregory VII He founded the abbey of Mehrerau in Bregenz. 
Ulrich was also engaged in a long-running dispute with the monastery of Petershausen over property in Bigenhausen which he had appropriated from the monks. 

In 1097 Ulrich died while on a hunting trip in Prättigau. Members of the hunting party began rolling stones down a hill and Ulrich, in a show of bravado, tried and failed to jump one of the stones. He died from the injuries he sustained and his body was taken back to Bregenz for burial.

Children
With Bertha, Ulrich X had the following children:
Rudolf I, Count of Bregenz
Ulrich XI
Henry of Kellmünz (d. 1128)
Adelaide (d.28 June 1168), married Ulrich, count of Ramsperg and Hegau (d.c.1155)

Notes

References
Casus monasterii Petrishusensis, ed. O. Abel and L. Weiland, MGH SS XX (1869), pp. 624-683
Historia monasterii Marchtelanensis, MGH SS XXIX, pp. 660-683
Berthold of Zwiefalten, Chronicon, in L. Wallach, ‘Berthold of Zwiefalten's Chronicle,’ Traditio 13 (1957), pp. 187-233.
 A.I. Beach, The Trauma of Monastic Reform: Community and

Cato Zahl Pedersen (born 12 January 1959) is a Norwegian skier and multiple Paralympic gold medal winner. He has won a total of fourteen medals (thirteen gold, one silver) at the Paralympic Games,  in both Winter and Summer Paralympics. He has no arms, having lost both in a childhood accident.

He competed in track and field athletics at the 1980 and 1984 Summer Paralympics, winning six gold medals. He took part in the Summer Games again in 2000, this time in sailing, but did not medal. At the Winter Paralympics, he competed in alpine skiing four times, in 1980, 1984, 1988 and 1994. At the 1980 and 1984 Winter Games he also took part in cross-country skiing, winning one gold in 1980.

Pedersen took the athletes' oath on behalf of all competitors at the 1994 Winter Paralympics in Lillehammer.

In 1994/1995, Pedersen took part in a successful four-person Norwegian skiing expedition to the South Pole. He dragged his 200-pound sledge the whole distance, using the prosthetic hook on his right hand to hold a single ski pole.

References

External links
 

Category:1959 births
Category:Living people
Category:Norwegian amputees
Category:Norwegian male alpine skiers
Category:Norwegian male cross-country skiers
Category:Paralympic athletes of Norway
Category:Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Paralympics
Category:Athletes (track and field) at the 1984 Summer Paralympics
Category:Paralympic sailors of Norway
Category:Norwegian male sailors (sport)
Category:Sailors at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Category:Paralympic alpine skiers of Norway
Category:Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Paralympics
Category:Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Paralympics
Category:Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Paralympics
Category:Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Paralympics
Category:Paralympic cross-country skiers of Norway
Category:Cross-country skiers at the 1980 Winter Paralympics
Category:Cross-country skiers at the 1984 Winter Paralympics
Category:Paralympic gold medalists for Norway

Academic researcher 
She obtained her bachelor's degree in Psychology from the University of the Basque Country (UPV/EHU) in 1989 and a PhD from the same university in 1993, winning the Special End of Degree Prize in both cases. On completing her bachelor's degree she began to work as a lecturer at the Faculty of Psychology.

Since 2009 she has held the post of Full Professor of Behavioural Science Methodology. Her research work focuses on methods for drawing up psychological assessment instruments, on the intercultural adaptation of such instruments and on the application of multi-level analysis models to the study of psychosocial phenomena. She has taken part in 42 subsidised research projects, on 9 of which she has been the lead researcher. She is also the lead researcher of the Qualiker research group, which has been assessed as excellent in the Basque university system. She has co-authored more than a hundred scientific papers, 26 books and 9 book chapters. She has contributed to more than 200 domestic and international congresses.

She has directed or co-directed 10 doctoral theses, two of these theses won the first prize and runner-up prize in the Basque Government's Realidad Social Vasca [“Basque Social Reality”] award.

She has spent time as a guest researcher at Arizona State University (1995), the University of California (2005) and the Cathie Marsh Centre for Census and Survey Research at the University of Manchester (2010).

She was a founder member of AEMCCO (Spanish Association for Behavioural Science Methodology) and of the EAM (European Association of Methodology). From 2011 to 2015 she was the editor of the official journal of this last association: Methodology. European Journal of Research Methods for the Behavioral and Social Sciences. She is a member of The Board of the Donostia International Physics Center (DIPC) Foundation.

University management 
Nekane has a long track record in university management. She has been Deputy Dean of the Faculty of Psychology (2004-2006), Vice-Rector for Teaching Quality and Innovation (2006-2009), Vice-Rector for Postgraduate Studies and International Relations (2012-2016), and since January 2017 she has been the rector of the University of the Basque Country. She replaced Iñaki Goirizelaia that had been the rector since 2009. She was the first elected women to be the President of the University of the Basque

Water Street abuts the Allegheny River through most of Manorville. Although along the river, much of the borough is not in a flood zone. Many of the residents have dock access to the river, and one public boat ramp is available for trailering. Two churches are located within the borough (Grace Lutheran Church and Manorville Methodist Church). There is also a post office located towards the center of the town on Water Street.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Manorville has a total area of , of which , or 15.80%, is water.

Demographics

As of the census of 2000, there were 401 people, 180 households, and 106 families residing in the borough. The population density was 4,058.8 people per square mile (1,548.3/km²). There were 191 housing units at an average density of 1,933.2 per square mile (737.5/km²). The racial makeup of the borough was 98.75% White, 0.25% Asian, and 1.00% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.50% of the population.

There were 180 households, out of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.6% were non-families. 33.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.93.

The median age of 39 years was slightly less than that of the county of 40 years. The distribution was 21.9% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.4% from 25 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 19.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 96.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.7 males.

The median income for a household in the borough was $34,500, and the median income for a family was $36,250. Males had a median income of $27,109 versus $20,909 for females. The per capita income for

The Catacomb of San Pancrazio is not in the most perfect condition: the tunnels are mostly destroyed and therefore the visit to see the Catacomb is very short.

The hypogeous cemetery can be divided into three main regions:

The first region is placed below the left transept of the basilica and behind the apse and its access is still the former entrance, within the left nave. This region was explored in the first half of the 20th century by Father Fusciardi.

In the right nave, a trapdoor gives access to the second region, placed below the square in front of the basilica. In this region it is possible to visit:

    The cubicle of Botrys, from the name of the decedent buried in it. The peculiarity of this grave is that, on his headstone, Botrys declares himself as a christianós, an unusual expression in the Christian graveyards.

    The cubicle of Saint Felix, dating back to the end of the 3rd and the beginning of the 4th century, decorated with a linear red style and elements referring to the sea (ships and fishes).

    The cubicle of Saint Sophia, housing a white-plastered arcosolium with four graves, that are believed to be the martyr Sophia and her three daughters'.

Finally, the third region is placed below the cloister. Within the third region there are widespread Constantinian Christograms, which lead the researchers to believe that this part of the hypogeous cemetery has been built in the 4th century.

Bibliography
De Santis L. - Biamonte G., Le catacombe di Roma, Newton & Compton Editori, Rome 1997, pp. 128–132
Cecchelli M., San Pancrazio, Rome, Marietti 1972
Verrando G. N., Le numerose recensioni della passio Pancratii, in "Vetera Christianorum" 19 (1982) 105-129
Nestori A., La basilica di S. Pancrazio in Roma, in Rivista di Archeologia Cristiana 36 (1960) 213-248

Work Cited
 Anonymous. “Pancras of Rome.” Hymns and Chants,  .

 Teahan, Madeleine, and Carol Glatz. “The Saint Whose Name Was given to a Famous Railway Station.” CatholicHerald.

History
The Order of Isabel the Catholic was instituted by King Ferdinand VII on 14 March 1815 as the Royal American Order of Isabel the Catholic. The original statutes of the Order were approved by Royal Decree of 24 March, with membership made in three classes: Grand Cross, and Knights of First and Second Class. Ferdinand VII was declared the Order's Founder, Head, and Sovereign. On 7 October 1816, at the suggestion of the Chapter of the Order, the Knights of the first class were renamed Commanders and the second class were renamed Knights.

Under the reign of Isabel II, the four royal orders in existence in Spain at the time: the Order of the Golden Fleece, the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem of the Languages of Aragon and Castile, the Order of Charles III, and the Order of Isabella the Catholic was reorganised by royal decree of 26 July 1847. The latter was reserved to reward exclusively the services rendered in the Overseas territories. The classes of the order became Knight, Commander, Commander by Number, and Grand Cross. The concession and tests of nobility was suppressed in all the Royal Orders. By royal decree of 28 October 1851, no concessions of Grand Cross of any orders were to be made without the proposal of the Council of Ministers and concessions for the lower classes with the proposal of the Secretary of State.

After the establishment of the First Republic, the Order was declared to be extinguished by Decree of 29 March 1873 as deemed to be incompatible with the Republican Government. Use of the various insignias was allowed to those who possessed them. When King Alfonso XII ascended to the throne, the Order was reestablished by Decree of 7 January 1875.

During the minority of Alfonso XIII, his mother and Regent, Maria Cristina, signed the royal decrees of 15 April 1889 and 25 October 1900. Among other things, they sought to impose entry into the Order by the category of Knight, to prohibit the use of decorations until the corresponding title was obtained, and to ratify the obligation that the Grand Cross be awarded with the agreement of the Council of Ministers and for conferees to be published in the Official Gazette. By Royal Decree of 14 March 1903, the Silver Cross of the Order was created, and by Royal Decree of 15 April 1907, the Silver and Bronze Medals.

In Royal Decree 1118, of 22 June 1927, the superior grade

Allegations of lèse majesté
Although he was careful to keep his criticisms of King Bhumibol oblique, Jakrapob's known republicanism, however, rankled the military and its equally paranoid royalist establishment allies, and they were keen to see him removed from office.

Their chance came with the circulation of Thai translations of a speech Jakrapob gave in English at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Thailand in August 2007. Because the speech, which was a critique of Thailand's perennial culture of patronage, directly attacked privy council president Prem Tinsulanonda, it provoked an outcry from the Democrats, who accused him of having insulted the palace. Although he held a press conference to profess his loyalty to the monarchy, Jakrapob readily admitted his opposition to the royal family to the United States embassy as well as his participation in the dissemination of anti-monarchist ideas at the grassroots level in order to prepare for an eventual alteration of Thailand's political order. Thaksin and Samak failed to support Jakrapob, however, leading him to resign on May 8, 2008.

UDD role and exile
Despite the negative publicity Jakrapob remained an outspoken political activities and continued to be a tireless participant in UDD activities. He became associated with the movement's radical wing and soon formed a splinter group known as "Red Siam" with former communist Surachai Danwattananusorn. Because the group became much maligned for allegedly promoting violent revolution and the dismantlement of the monarchy the mainstream UDD was forced to sever ties with Jakrapob and his allies. Surachai was sentenced to 7 1/2 years in prison in 2012 for lèse majesté, but was pardoned by the king in October 2013.

Jakrapob went into hiding following the Songkran riots, vowing to carry out a more robust campaign against the government of Abhisit Vejjajiva and his establishment patrons.

Although still living in exile, he publicly resurfaced in May 2012 as a columnist for Red Power, a red shirt publication with republican leanings. Jakrapob also wrote for another similar magazine, The Voice of Taksin, under the pseudonym "Jit Pollachan". Two of his fictional stories, which were thinly-veiled portrayals of the king and the royal family, were used by the Thai Constitutional Court of Thailand to convict Somyot Pr

Political life
In 1982, Corte was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps and served three years on active duty. He joined the Marine Corps Reserve and was activated in the Gulf War of 1991. After the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, Corte was recalled to duty and sent to Egypt. In 2002, he graduated from the United States Army War College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. A colonel in the United States Marine Corps, Corte served in the Iraq War for more than six months.
He was awarded the Bronze Star. While he was away twice on military deployments, Corte designated his wife, the former Valerie Ann Ryder (born 1967), the mother of their three children, as his stand-in for his legislative duties, a procedure allowed in Texas.
 Valerie is one of four daughters of the former Mary Louise Wilson (born 1940) and Gene Ed Ryder (born 1932), a native of Canyon in Randall County, Texas, who was reared in Seymour in Baylor County, and was a training administrator for the United States Air Force until his retirement in 1995. Corte's father-in-law Gene Ryder was a member of the Texas State Republican Executive Committee from 1994 to 2000 and a George W. Bush delegate to the 2000 and 2004 Republican National Conventions.

Corte's former House colleague, Carl Isett of Lubbock, also designated his wife, Cheri, as his legislative proxy in 2006, while as a commissioned officer in the United States Naval Reserve, Isett was deployed to Kuwait and Iraq.

Corte was elected in House District 123 in 1992, when the incumbent Jeff Wentworth instead ran successfully for the District 25 seat in the Texas State Senate, a position which Wentworth lost in 2012. Corte is remembered for his unwavering attempts to limit abortion, including his update to the Women's Right to Know Act to ensure the requirement of ultrasounds before a woman in Texas can legally proceed with the termination of a pregnancy. 
 
From 1993 to 1996 and again from 1996 to 1998, Corte was the president of the legislative bipartisan Texas Conservative Coalition. He was moved from District 123 to neighboring District 122 in 2003 to succeed John H. Shields, who did not seek reelection to the House that year but instead unsuccessfully challenged Jeff Wentworth within the Republican primary. In the 1996 U.S. presidential election, Corte was a Republican elector for the Dole/Kemp ticket. 
 


Hans Caspar von Krockow

Hans Caspar von Krockow (23 August 1700 – 25 February 1759) was a Prussian major general and commander of the Cuirassier Regiment No. 1. He was the Amtshauptmann of the Giebichenstein and Moritzburg estates as well as heir to Estate A at Peest (Pieszcz), Paalow (Pałowo), Franken, Thien (Tyń) and Nitzlin (Nosalin).  He fought in the Seven Years' War and died of injuries received at the Battle of Hochkirch.

Early life
Krockow was born in Peest. He was taught at home prior to attending the University of Halle. He did not complete his studies and opted to enter the military as a volunteer in Cuirassier Regiment No. 6.

Military career
He quickly became an officer, and by 1738 had risen to the rank of Major. In 1741 he was in the camp at Genthin and later at Gröningen. On 18 November 1741 he rose to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. As the campaign of 1743, part of the War of the Austrian Succession, progressed, he briefly joined the Austrian army as a volunteer to fight against the French. Upon returning in 1745, he was promoted to the rank of Colonel under Leopold von Anhalt. In October 1745 he became commander of the Cuirassier Regiment "von Buddenbrock" No. 1 and was appointed administrator of Giebichenstein and Moritzburg. On 8 December 1750, he was appointed Major General and given a part of the knightly estate of Mahlendorf in Silesia.

In the Seven Years' War, he joined the army of Schwerin in Bohemia and moved to winter quarters in Silesia. In March 1757 General Field Marshal Wilhelm Dietrich von Buddenbrock died and Krockow became chief of Buddenbrock old Cuirassier Regiment No. 1. He fought on 6 May 1757 in the Battle of Prague and on 18 June at Kolin. The regiment joined Frederick the Great's army in Lausitz, but later returned to Silesia to fight the Austrians with the Duke of Bevern. In the midst of battle, his horse was shot, which caused him to fall to the ground. A piece of shrap

List of found objects

This list of found objects is a list of notable artworks, by artist, which are found objects (or are composed of found objects). These are each followed by a description of the non-art components.

Louis Hirshman
Albert Einstein (1940) Caricature using mop hair, brush for nose and mustache, abacas chest. Gifted to the Philadelphia Museum of Art after Hirshman's death in 1986.
Adolf Hitler (1937) Caricature using gestapo glove hair, painter's brush nose and mustache, dust pan of manure for chest.
Groucho Marx (1937) Caricature using black gloves for hair, spools of thread for eyebrows, shoehorn nose, bow tie nose.

Saâdane Afif 
Fountain Archive (2008-)

Ron Arad 
Rover chair

Marcel Duchamp (Recent research has suggested that Duchamp's readymade artworks may have been custom-made impostors. However, there are accounts of Walter Arensberg and Joseph Stella being with Duchamp when he purchased the original Fountain at J. L. Mott Iron Works.)

Apolinère Enameled (1916), bed frame
Bicycle Wheel (1913)
Bottle Rack (1914)
Comb (1916)
In advance of the broken arm (1915), snow shovel
Fountain (1917), urinal
Pulled at 4 pins (1915), chimney ventilator
Trap (1917), coatrack

Michael Craig-Martin 
An Oak Tree

Picasso
Chèvre, ceramic pottery shards, wicker basket, palm leaf, metal bits
Guenon et son petit (1951) [Baboon and Young], two toy cars, pottery jar, pitcher and bowl handles, automobile spring
Glass of Absinthe, silver straining spoon
Tête de taureau (1942), bicycle seat and handlebars

Man Ray (worked closely with Duchamp) 
The Gift (Le Cadeau in French) (1921), iron with fourteen nails glued to its sole
The enigma of Isidore Ducasse (1920, reconstructed 1971), an unseen object (a sewing machine) wrapped in cloth and tied with cord
Object to Be Destroyed (1923-

People:
Denny Altes (born 1948), American politician
Denny Antwi (born 1993), Ghanaian footballer
Denny Ashburnham (c.1628–1697), English landowner and politician
Denny Bautista (born 1980), Dominican baseball player
Denny Bixler (1940–1981), American politician
Denny Brown (born 1956), American professional wrestler
Denny Bruce (born 1944), American record producer and music manager
Denny Cagur, (born 1977), Indonesian artist
Denny Cardin (born 1988), Italian footballer
Denny Carmassi (born 1947), American drummer
Denny Chin (born 1954), American federal judge
Denny Chronopoulos (1968–2000), Canadian football player
Denny Coffman, American politician
Denny Cordell (1943–1995), English record producer
Denny Crum (born 1937), former American college men's basketball coach
Denny Doherty (1940–2007), Canadian musician; former member of the folk group The Mamas & the Papas
Dennis Douds (born 1941), American football coach
Denham Fouts (1914–1948), American male prostitute and socialite
Dennie Gordon (born 1953), American film and television director
Denny Hamlin (born 1980), American NASCAR auto racer
Dennis Hastert (born 1942), American politician and former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives
Denny Hocking (born 1970), American former professional baseball player
Denny Hulme (1938–1992), New Zealand Formula One auto racer
Denny Kantono (born 1970), Indonesian retired badminton player
Denny Kirkwood (born 1975), American actor
Denny Laine (born 1944), English rock musician
Denny Landzaat (born 1976), Dutch footballer
Denny Matthews (born 1942), American sportscaster
Denny McLain (born 1944), American baseball player
Denny Morrison (born 1985), Canadian world and Olympic champion speedskater
Denny Moyer (1939–2010), American boxer; world light middleweight champion (1962–63)
Denny Neagle (born 1968), American baseball player
Dennis O'Neil (born 1939), American comic book writer and editor
Dennie Oxley (born 1970), American politician
Denny R. (born 1994), Filipino author under the pen name HaveYouSeenThisGir

During 1811–1812, Sir Benjamin Collins Brody (1783–1862) experimented with curare. He was the first to show that curare does not kill the animal and the recovery is complete if the animal's respiration is maintained artificially. In 1825, Charles Waterton described a classical experiment in which he kept a curarized female donkey alive by artificial respiration with a bellows through a tracheostomy. Waterton is also credited with bringing curare to Europe. Robert Hermann Schomburgk, who was a trained botanist, identified the vine as one of the genus Strychnos and gave it the now accepted name Strychnos toxifera.

George Harley (1829–1896) showed in 1850 that curare (wourali) was effective for the treatment of tetanus and strychnine poisoning. In 1857, Claude Bernard (1813–1878) published the results of his experiments in which he demonstrated that the mechanism of action of curare was a result of interference in the conduction of nerve impulses from the motor nerve to the skeletal muscle, and that this interference occurred at the neuromuscular junction. From 1887, the Burroughs Wellcome catalogue listed under its 'Tabloids' brand name, tablets of curare at  grain (price 8 shillings) for use in preparing a solution for hypodermic injection. In 1914, Henry Hallett Dale (1875–1968) described the physiological actions of acetylcholine. After 25 years, he showed that acetylcholine is responsible for neuromuscular transmission, which can be blocked by curare.

The best known and historically most important (because of its medical applications) toxin is d-tubocurarine. It was isolated from the crude drug—from a museum sample of curare—in 1935 by Harold King (1887–1956) of London, working in Sir Henry Dale's laboratory. He also established its chemical structure.. Pascual Scannone, a Venezuelan anesthesiologist who trained and specialized in New York City, USA, did extensive research on curare as a possible paralyzing agent for patients during surgical procedures. In 1942, he became the first person in all of Latin America to use curare during a medical procedure when he successfully performed a tracheal intubation in a patient to whom he administered curare for muscle paralysis at the El Algodonal Hospital in Caracas, Venezuela. After its introduction in 1942, curare/cur

During his tenure as Palermo's archbishop, he supported Francisco Franco, but protested against Communism and anti-Mafia activist Danilo Dolci. He also demanded that the Sicilian bandit Salvatore Giuliano cease murdering within Palermo, and was cautious to be tricked into implying that the Mafia was the main problem of Sicily. To a journalist's question of "What is the Mafia?" he responded: "So far as I know, it could be a brand of detergent."

A stern opponent of reform, he attended the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965), and sat on its Board of Presidency. Ruffini was also part of the conservative-minded study group Coetus Internationalis Patrum at the council. He was forced to intervene in a heated discussion between Cardinals Alfredo Ottaviani and Augustin Bea in the course of the last preparatory session of the Council. During the discussion on the Council's proposed declaration against anti-Semitism, Cardinal Ruffini accused the document of being overly kind to the Jews, whom he saw as hostile to Christianity. He also disapproved of Gaudium et spes, Sacrosanctum Concilium, and Dignitatis humanae.

Cardinal Ruffini was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 1963 papal conclave, which selected Pope Paul VI.

He died from a heart attack in Palermo, at age 79. Ruffini is buried in the shrine of Madonna dei Rimedi.

Miscellaneous
While still a priest, Ruffini also served as president of the Academy of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
He collaborated with John XXIII in deciding to convene the Second Vatican Council.
Ruffini was a creationist.

Publications

The Theory of Evolution Judged by Reason and Faith (Translated by Rev. Francis O'Hanlon, 1959)

References

 Giuseppe Petralia: Il Cardinale Ernesto Ruffini, arcivescovo di Palermo. Libreria Editrice Vaticana, Città del Vaticano 1989.
 Angelo Romano: Ernesto Ruffini. Sciascia, Caltanissetta 2002.

External links
 

Category:1888 births
Category:1967 deaths
Category:People from the Province of Mantua
Category:Italian cardinals
Category:Cardinals

PowerFX Systems AB. is a small recording company, based in Stockholm, Sweden. The company has been producing music samples, loops and sound effects since 1995. They also developed singing synthesizers using the VOCALOID engine developed by Yamaha Corporation.

Products and services

Vocaloid 
PowerFX was first introduced to the Vocaloid software after the introduction of first Vocaloids (Lola and Leon) from the British studio Zero-G at the NAMM Show on January 15, 2004 and were later recommended to Yamaha Corporation by Crypton Future Media. Their first product for the software was "Sweet Ann" a Vocaloid 2 powered voicebank and was first introduced at the Musikmesse fair and later released on June 29, 2007. The boxart of Sweet Ann was based on a Frankenstein's monster. Their second VOCALOID2 "Big Al" was released with the voice provided from ex-employee Frank Sanderson after the intended provider, Elvis Presley impersonator Michael King, was unable to return for further recordings after their initial samples were considered not at a high enough quality to be released. PowerFX began their production of voicebanks for the Vocaloid 3 engine, with "Oliver" as their first VOCALOID3, and the first male VOCALOID3. They released their second VOCALOID3, "YOHIOloid", a male bilingual that is capable of singing English and Japanese. PowerFX released their own Vocaloids into Taiwan boasting new box art for the releases. PowerFX released an American-accented Vocaloid 4 voicebank "Ruby" in 2015. In 2017, the company announced that they would no longer make Vocaloid products.

PowerFX's other music composers include:

SoundShuttle
Swiss Army Synth
Miracle Drumlooper
Dyad
Humbox VM1

Soundation Studio
PowerFX also offers Soundation Studio, an on-line free music making station complete with a number of samples and loops. Users can open their own account and buy additional samples for their account or upload their own samples into the software to work with. Those who sign up can have their own profile and save their work using AudioLocker.

Extracts of PowerFX's Sweet Ann and Big AL were included in Soundation Studio in their Christmas loops and sound release with a competition included.

References

External links


For a 1989 Sun-Times article by Bob Herguth, Buckley said "I grew up with radio. It was just that my tastes progressed to jazz bands. My mother, Ella May, who's 96 and lives in Plymouth Place in La Grange, still doesn't understand where she went wrong in my taste in music."

By 1986, Buckley was hosting his Sunday noon-4pm segment on WBEZ.  Other jazz hosts for the station at that time were Neil Tesser and Barry Winograd, whom Buckley felt could ably and comfortably handle the playing of contemporary jazz, leaving him to play his favorites.

In 1988, satellite technology carried the unique voice of Buckley broadcasting live from the Chicago Jazz Fest, together with 17 other 'BEZ entities including Neil Tesser, and Richard Steele.  Those live broadcasts were made from a trailer near Petrillo Music Shell, and were syndicated to over 150 radio stations, with listeners numbering as many as 10 million, estimated.

On 14 January 2007, Chicago Public Radio (WBEZ) made a major change to a talk, news and public affairs format, and Buckley's show was shortened from three hours to one hour, and on Sunday, 27 July 2008, he bid the airwaves farewell in his final broadcast, a two-hour special featuring guests and testimonials.

Death
Buckley died on Thursday, July 22, 2010 at West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park, IL from complications of pneumonia. He was 85.

References

External links
 Brief Biography at the WBEZ web site
 A radio voice at a crossroads. October 20, 2006 - Chicago Tribune Profile at AccessMyLibrary
    Dick Buckley revisited, WBEZ revamped. June 27, 2006 - Article in the Wednesday Journal of Oak Park and River Forest
  Dick Buckley's Archives of Jazz Collection at the Chicago Public Library—which exist as reel-to-reels and are in need of preservation work before they can be heard; funding is necessary.
  Dick Buckley's Retirement from Radio program aired on Chicago's WBEZ July 27, 2008, made available as internet stream (Flash) July 29.
 Q&A Dick Buckley. Excerpt from Issue 24. Feb 29, 2006. Shows an undated photo of Dick Buckley posing with Count Basie and Joe Williams.

Category:Radio personalities from Chicago
Category:1925

Superior Avenue connects the east and west sides of the most populated downtown in Ohio. To the west, Superior Avenue connects to the Detroit Avenue extension which starts at the terminus of Superior, the Detroit-Superior Bridge that crosses over the Cuyahoga River into Ohio City. Detroit then runs through the entire west side of Cleveland, through the inner ring suburbs of Lakewood, Rocky River, the outer ring suburb of Westlake and on into the exurbs of Lorain County.

To the east this main drag runs through the length of several downtown districts out into the St. Clair-Superior and Glenville neighborhoods of the city. It continues through the suburbs of East Cleveland, Cleveland Heights, and terminates as it dead ends into the eastside boulevard, Mayfield Road. Unlike the westside which is fairly straight as it follows closely to the shore line of Lake Erie, the east side pattern of Superior twists and winds its way through the streets and communities of Greater Cleveland.

An address along Superior, especially downtown, is considered to be extremely exclusive, akin to Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles or Wall Street and/or Park Avenue in New York City. In fact, a number of important businesses, offices, and government institutions are located along Superior Avenue solely because this is the case.

Businesses, Buildings, and Government Agencies
1111 Superior Avenue
1717 East Ninth Building
AmTrust Financial Building
Asian Town Center
Bohn Towers
Carl B. Stokes United States Courthouse Tower
Cleveland Arcade
Cleveland Cliffs Natural Resources
Cleveland Fire Training Academy
Cleveland Flea Market
Cleveland Metropolitan School District Professional Center
Cleveland Public Library Main Branch 
Cleveland Public Library Stokes Wing at CPL
Cleveland Renaissance Hotel
Daffy Dan's, The Creative Studios of Daffy Dan, East 21st and Superior Avenue. daffydan.com 
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland
Fifth Third Center
Forest Hill Reserve Park
Frank J. Lausche State Office Building
Hot Cards
Howard M. Metzenbaum United States Courthouse
Huntington Building
IBM of Cleveland
Lake View Cemetery
Oswald Companies
Perry-Payne Building
The Plain Dealer Plaza
Red Space 
Reserve Square
Rockefeller Building (Cleveland)
St.John's Cathedral
St. Peter's Catholic Church
Superior Building
Tower Press

National team coaching career

Croatia national team
Repeša coached the Croatia national basketball team two times, from 2005 to 2009 and from 2012 to 2014. At the EuroBasket 2013, Croatia won the 4th place, but at the 2014 World Cup, Croatia was eliminated in the Round of 16 and he was sacked.

Bosnia and Herzegovina national team
In September 2018, he was named the interim head coach for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team. In November 2018, Vedran Bosnić succeeded him.

Coaching record

EuroLeague

|- 
| align="left" rowspan=2|Cibona
| align="left"|1995–96
| 16 || 8 || 8 ||  || align="center"|Eliminated in group stage
|- 
| align="left"|1996–97
| 29 || 17 || 12 ||  || align="center"|Eliminated in Top 16 stage
|- 
| align="left"|Tofaş
| align="left"|1999–00
| 26 || 12 || 14 ||  || align="center"|Eliminated in group stage
|- 
| align="left"|Split
| align="left"|2000–01
| 23 || 15 || 8 ||  || align="center"|Eliminated in quarterfinal stage
|- 
| align="left"|Śląsk Wrocław
| align="left"|2001–02
| 4 || 0 || 4 ||  || align="center"|Fired
|- 
| align="left" rowspan=2|Cibona
| align="left"|2001–02
| 8 || 3 || 5 ||  || align="center"|Eliminated in regular season
|- 
| align="left"|2002–03
| 3 || 1 || 2 ||  || align="center"|Fired
|- 
| align="left" rowspan=4|Fortitudo Bologna
| align="left"|2002–03
| 16 || 9 || 7 ||  || align="center"|Eliminated in Top 16 stage
|- 
| align="left"|2003–04
| 22 || 14 || 8 ||  || align="center"|Lost in the final game
|- 
| align="left"|2004–05
| 20 || 16 || 4 ||  || align="

Relationship with the CDC 6600
The CDC 7600 "was designed to be machine code upward compatible with the 6600, but to provide a substantial increase in performance". One user said: "Most users could run on either system without changes."

Although the 7600 shared many features of the 6600, including hardware, instructions, and its 60-bit word size, it was not object-code compatible with the CDC 6600. In addition, it was not entirely source-code (COMPASS) compatible, as some instructions in the 7600 did not exist in the 6600, and vice versa. It had originally been named the CDC 6800, but was changed to 7600 when Cray decided that it could not be completely compatible. However, due to the 7600's operating system design, the 6600 and 7600 shared a "uniform software environment" despite the low-level differences.

In fact, from a high-level perspective, the 7600 was quite similar to the 6600. At the time computer memory could be arranged in blocks with independent access paths, and Cray's designs used this to their advantage. While most machines would use a single CPU to run all the functionality of the system, Cray realized that this meant each memory block spent a considerable amount of time idle while the CPU was processing instructions and accessing other blocks. In order to take advantage of this, the 6600 and 7600 left mundane housekeeping tasks, printing output or reading punched cards, for instance, to a series of ten smaller 12-bit machines based on the CDC 160A known as "Peripheral Processor Units", or PPUs. For any given cycle of the machine one of the PPUs was in control, feeding data into the memory while the main processor was crunching numbers. When the cycle completed, the next PPU was given control. In this way the memory always held up-to-date information for the main processor to work on (barring delays in the external devices themselves), eliminating delays on data, as well as allowing the CPU to be built for mathematical performance and nothing else. The PPU could have been called a very smart "communications channel".

Like the 6600, the 7600 used 60-bit words with instructions that were generally 15 bits in length, although there were also 30-bit instructions. The instructions were packed into the 60-bit words, but a 30-bit instruction could not straddle two words. However, the instruction set itself had

Pongaroa is a town in the Tararua District, in the southeast of the North Island of New Zealand, 110 kilometres southwest of Hastings and 200 kilometres northeast of Wellington. The nearest town is Pahiatua, 50 kilometres to the west. Popular Akitio Beach is 30 kilometres to the east. The township straddles Route 52, a road between Masterton and Waipukurau.

The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "tall tree fern" for Pongaroa.

Pongaroa village has a population of about 100, with the surrounding farms bringing the total population to about 300. The area is serviced by Pongaroa School, Pongaroa Cafe and General Store, Pongaroa Hotel, and Pongaroa Farm Centre. Pongaroa is also the location of the New Zealand Centre for Equine Psychology and Behaviour and Wildside Farm environmental education retreat.

As a rural community, Pongaroa relies on community spirit and on the local community-development organisation "Pongaroa The Way To Go". Volunteers have been central to improvements in the area, such as the installation of public toilets, the establishment of a freedom campsite and the enhancement of the village centre.

Historically, Pongaroa belonged in the northern Wairarapa area. At one time during the early settlement years in the latter half of the 19th century, the township was much larger: people expected that the Masterton-Napier Railway would run through Pongaroa. However, eventually the Wairarapa Line cut through Pahiatua (1897) and thus that township grew, whilst Pongaroa remained a farming community. Pongaroa became an administrative centre of Akitio County, which functioned between 1899 and 1976.

Pāpāuma marae, a marae (tribal meeting ground) of the Rangitāne tribes and its Ngāti Mutuahi, Ngāti Pakapaka and Te Hika a Pāpāuma hapū (sub-tribes), is located in the Pangaoroa area. It includes Te Aroha o Aohanga wharenui (meeting house), also known as Pāpāuma.

Notable people

 Maurice Wilkins (1916-2004), scientist

References

Category:Populated places in

At the site of the former Kahibah station, the cycleway is crossed by the Great North Walk, a  walking trail connecting Newcastle and Sydney. The track also passes through the centre of the Glenrock Lagoon catchment.

Track details

Station/platform (distance)
 Adamstown: (0)
 Fernleigh: ()
 Kahibah: ()
 Dudley Junction: ()
 Burwood Platform: ()
 Whitebridge: ()
 Redhead: ()
 Redhead South: ()
 Jewells: ()
 John Darling Platform: ()
 Belmont: ()

Track statistics

 Level crossings, 5
 Tunnels, 1 (curved - )
 Over Bridges, 2
 Drive through culvert, 1 (Little Flaggy Creek)
 Stations or Platforms, 10
 Signal Boxes, 4
 Major colliers served, 5
 Maximum gradient, 1 in 40
 Minimum elevation,  (nr Belmont Station)
 Maximum elevation,  (on main line)
 Length of Line,

History of the line
 1880 - Rail line opened to Redhead
 December 1916 - Rail line extended to Belmont
 12 October 1922 - Special train left Newcastle for the opening of "Soldiers' Memorial Hall" at Kahibah.
 January 1925 - Redhead Loop name changed to Fernleigh Loop
 1967 - Last passenger steam train to Belmont
 8 April 1971 - At 17:10 the last rail passenger train to Belmont via Kahibah left Newcastle Station.
 19 December 1991 - Rail line closed
 2 February 2003 - Adamstown to Kahibah Station stage of the Fernleigh Track (cycleway) opened
 August 2004 - Dudley Junction to Whitebridge Station section of Fernleigh Track completed
 7 May 2005 - Kahibah Station to Whitebridge Station section officially opened.
 November 2009 - Whitebridge Station to Redhead Station section of Fernleigh Track completed
 November 2010 - Redhead Station to Jewels section of Fernleigh Track completed
 12 March 2011 - Fernleigh Track fully completed.

References

External links
 Rail Trails Australia
 Newcastle Cycleways Movement
 Lake Macquarie City Council
 Premiers Council for Active Living
 Kahibah Public School's Fernleigh Track site
 NSWRail.net diagram of Belmont line
 Curve and gradient data including the Belmont line

Category:City of Lake Macquarie
Category:Newcastle

Vacancy 
The by-election was held to fill the vacancy caused when the 67-year-old Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) Sir Hildred Carlile  resigned from the House of Commons on 20 November 1919 by the procedural device of accepting appointment as Steward of the Manor of Northstead. Carlile, who had held the seat since the 1906 general election (and was returned unopposed in 1918), cited ill-health as the reason for his departure from politics.

Electoral history
The result at the last General Election in 1918 was;

The previous election was contested and produced this result:

Candidates 
The Conservative Party selected as its candidate 47-year-old Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Fremantle, who had previously been adopted as the party's candidate for the next general election, when Hildred Carlile was expected to retire. Fremantle was an army doctor who had served in the Second Boer War and in World War I, and had been a member of the London County Council since  March 1919. The son of a Dean of Ripon, he had been a medical officer for Hertfordshire for 14 years.

Early reports suggested that the Liberal Party candidate would be a Major Conacher from New Barnet, but in the event the Liberals nominated Milner Gray, a company director who had stood unsuccessfully in Wellingborough at the 1918 general election.

The Labour Party candidate was John W. Brown, the secretary of the Shipping Clerks' Guild.

The Times reported on 28 November that there was "possibility, but not a probability" of a fourth candidate, from the right-wing National Party, but this did not materialise.

Nominations closed on 2 December, with polling set for 10 December.

Electorate 
The old parliamentary borough of St Albans, which returned two MPs, had been disenfranchised in 1852 after a Royal Commission had found proof of extensive bribery. Deprived of its independent representation, the borough had then been represented as part of the three-seat Hertfordshire a county constituency. When the county constituency was divided in 1885, four new single-member county divisions were created, named after the major town in each area: the St Albans division was one of them, initially including the areas of High Barnet, Borehamwood, Elstree, Welwyn, Wheathampstead, and Har

Gotteslob (Praise of God) is the title of the hymnbook authorized by the Catholic dioceses in Germany, Austria, South Tyrol, Luxembourg and Liège, Belgium. First published in Advent 2013, it is the current official hymnal for German-speaking Catholics, succeeding the first common German hymnal, the 1975 edition of the same name. Each diocese published a book containing a common section and a regional section. The first editions amounted to around 4 million copies.

History 
Gotteslob was developed as a sequel of the first common German hymnal, Gotteslob of 1975. It was developed over a period of 10 years by around 100 experts, who studied the use of hymns, conducting surveys and running tests in selected congregations. Gotteslob was published by Catholic dioceses in Germany, Austria, South Tyrol, and is also used by German-speaking parishes in Luxembourg and the Diocese of Liège, Belgium. It was introduced from Advent 2013, beginning on 1 December. It is intended to serve as a hymnal for church services as well as for private use. The first editions were around 4 million copies.

Each diocese published a book containing a common section called Stammteil, and a regional section with hymns for the specific diocese. The common section includes a .

Changes in 2013 
Some songs were composed for the 2013 edition, including the melody for "Heilig, heilig, heilig Gott" by Oliver Sperling. Some songs were moved from regional sections to the common section, including Christoph Bernhard Verspoell's Christmas carol "Menschen, die ihr wart verloren". Some songs were added, including Tersteegen's "Gott ist gegenwärtig", and the penitental "Zeige uns, Herr, deine Allmacht und Güte", written in 1982 by Raymund Weber to an older melody.

Hymns 
Hymns include "Den Herren will ich loben" and others by Maria Luise Thurmair. "Ein Haus voll Glorie schauet" is a popular hymn for consecration of a church and its anniversaries.

Among the regional hymns are the Easter hymn "Das Grab ist leer, der Held erwacht" and the Marian hymn "N

Lisa Stokke (born 25 March 1975) is a Norwegian singer and actress, active in Norway and Great Britain. She appeared in the original West End-staging of the musical Mamma Mia!, and later appeared in Guys and Dolls and in the UK television series Jonathan Creek.

Acting career
Lisa Stokke was born in the Arctic town of Tromsø in Northern Norway to a chiropractor father, Øivind Stokke (he committed suicide in 2004). Her American mother, Judith Rae was born in 1949 in Arkansas, and is an artist and writer. She has an older sister Monica. They grew up in Tromsdalen and later their parents divorced.

Stokke is from Tromsø, and was in the first class ever to graduate at LIPA, Paul McCartney's school in Liverpool, in 1998. Just four months after finishing her final exams, she was cast in the leading role as "Sophie" in the West End production of the brand new ABBA musical Mamma Mia!. She remained as a part of the cast for only a year after having been on stage around 400 times. She moved on to appear in West End productions Guys and Dolls,  Chess and Hard Times.

Following the success of Mamma Mia! and other stage shows Stokke has appeared in various guest roles on British and Norwegian television, musical shows and films, in addition to leading roles on stage in Norway. She appeared in one episode of the British detective  series Jonathan Creek, playing Jodee Tressky in the episode "Satan's Chimney". She also starred in the Norwegian film Long Flat Balls II.

In 2010, she appeared in her own documentary series entitled Lisa Goes To Hollywood, portraying her search for a role in Hollywood. The series was broadcast on NRK.

In the Norwegian language dub of Disney's Frozen, she provides the voice of Elsa.

On December 2, 2018, she guest-starred in the BBC1 hit series Doctor Who in the eleventh series episode "It Takes You Away".

Lisa lives in London with her family. Her mother also moved to London.

Music
Her performance in Mamma Mia! is included on the original cast recordings from 1999. She also contributed to the Help! I'm a Fish film soundtrack.

She released her first solo album,

Brazil (Tropicalismo & música popular brasileira)

Chico Buarque
Gilberto Gil
Gonzaguinha
Os Mutantes
Geraldo Vandré
Caetano Veloso
Milton Nascimento
Tom Zé

El Salvador
Cutumay Camones
 Yolocamba I Tá

Guatemala

 Alejandro Melgar
 Alux Nahual
 Calicanto
 Camino
 Canto General
 César Dávila
 Danilo Cardona
 Estudiantina de la Universidad de San Carlos
 Fernando López
 Gad Echeverría
 Grupo Taller
 Jijiripago
 Jornal
 José Chamalé
 K'a Tinamit
 Kin-Lalat
 Kopante
 Macehual
 Rony Hernández
 Sandra Morán
 Tito Medina
 Voces Nuevas

Mexico (Canto nuevo)
Amparo Ochoa
Óscar Chávez
Gabino Palomares
Guadalupe Pineda
Los Folkloristas

Nicaragua
Nicaragua nueva canción (Nueva canción nicaragüense) musicians are attributed with transmitting social and political messages, and aiding in the ideological mobilisation of the populace during the Sandinista revolution.

Duo Guardabarranco
Carlos Mejía Godoy
Luis Enríque Mejía Godoy

Peru
Tania Libertad

Uruguay
Los Olimareños
Daniel Viglietti
Alfredo Zitarrosa

Venezuela

Alí Primera
Soledad Bravo
  Gloria Martín
Ahora!
Lilia Vera
 Los Guaraguao
 Sol Musset
 Golperos de Don Pío
Emiro Delfín
 Armando Molero
José Montecano

Colombia (Canción Social)
Ana y Jaime

Puerto Rico

 Haciendo Punto en Otro Son
 Roy Brown
 Aires Bucaneros
 Moliendo Vidrio
 Antonio Cabán Vale
 Zoraida Santiago
 Lourdes Pérez

References

Further reading
 Brill, Mark. Music of Latin America and the Caribbean

The Government Science College was bifurcated in 1974 into Government Arts College and Government Science College. In 2009, Tumkur University recognised the College as a constituent college of the University and renamed it University College of Arts.

Over the years, the institution has been offering courses in Arts & Commerce. At present, the college has 42 teaching, and 20 non-teaching staff. Nearly 3000 students are pursuing their education in the Arts and Commerce streams. Situated in a sprawling 25-acre plot, the college houses 25 spacious lecture halls, a library with more than 50,000 titles and 55,000 volumes of books on different disciplines, along with journals, magazines, newspapers and a reading and reference section. The College also has indoor and outdoor stadia administered by the Youth Services and Sports Department of the Government of Karnataka.  It also has a unit of the National Cadet Corps and the National Service Scheme.

Journals published by the university

International Journal of Science Research

International Journal of Science Research (IJSR) reports on publication of original research contributions in fundamental and applied areas of science. IJSR is a quarterly flagship journal of Tumkur University.

International Journal of Social Sciences and Humanities

International Journal of Social Sciences and Humanities is a scholarly professional biannual journal published by Tumkur University. Its purpose is to provide a forum to share knowledge related to broad range of topics including political science, sociology, history, archaeology, social work, geography, international studies, women’s studies, children’s learning and health, economics, business ethics, cities, intellectual property rights, language acquisition, privacy, the aging population, quality of life, technology in aboriginal communities, information communication technology, library and information science, physical education and sports sciences, dispute resolution, environment, sustainable development and subjects related to commerce and management.

Lokajnana

Lokajnana is a quarterly journal of research, published in Kannada. It contains original and translated research papers.

Recognised research centres
The university has recognised 56 independent academic institutions from all over India as research centres for doctoral and advanced study in various areas of academic research. Notable examples include:

 Institute for Social and Economic Change
 R.V. College of Engineering
 National Institute of Advanced Studies
 Maha Bodhi Society
 Sri Siddhartha Institute of Management Studies 
 Malleswaram Ladies Association 
 Madras Music Academy
 St

Construction 

The DC-International cassette is a two-roll cassette tape  which can be flipped over. The dimensions of a tape cassette (according to the DC-International system) are 120 mm × 77 mm × 12 mm, the weight is . The case is made of polystyrene, and a viewing window with scale incorporated into it, was included, so a user could view the tape from both sides of the cassette. The cassette has openings for the tape head and the erase head, as well as for the capstan pinch roller. A built-in pressure pad provides for tape-head contact.

Like the Compact Cassette would later have, a recording lock against unintentional erasure of a cassette was present in the form of 2 recesses in the cassette. If an opening is closed, it prevents any recording on that side. For protection against dust and scratches, the cassette can be inserted into a protective case when not in use. The tape's capable of recording 2 soundtracks in opposite directions. The tape speed is 5.08 cm/s = 2 ips, slightly faster than the Compact Cassette. Recording and playback in stereophonic sound would be possible with stereo devices, but there were never  any such devices manufactured for this cassette format.

For a 90-minute DC-90 cassette (45 minutes per side), the tape length is 137 m with triple play band (PES 18, thickness 0.018 mm). For a 120-minute DC-120 cartridge (60 minutes per side), the tape length is 185 m with quadruple playband (PES 12, thickness 0.012 mm). The  tape itself consisted of polyester.

With the DC-International format, the focus was on music playback right from the start. At its launch, there were 25 pre-recorded music cassettes from Telefunken, Decca and RCA Victor  available. These recordings on  the cassettes ranged from country music to The Rolling Stones, the playing time is about 30 minutes per side. With a total playing time of about 60 minutes available,  this was  comparable to a phonograph record. The selling price of a pre-recorded cassette was 24 DM.

For home recordings, unrecorded, blank cassettes were available from Grundig, Telefunken, BASF and Agfa-Gevaert. These blank cassettes were available as both 90 minutes and 120 minutes of running time. A DC 90

James Stewart Carrick

James Stewart Carrick (4 September 1855 – 2 January 1923) was a Scottish rugby union and cricket player. He died in Seattle, Washington in 1923.

Carrick was a genuine all-round sportsman, playing international rugby as a full-back for , and appeared in few important cricket matches. However he was clearly a highly accomplished player, the one batsman to take a century off Nottinghamshire CCC between 1887 and 1890 when they dominated county cricket.

Rugby Union
Carrick played with the Glasgow Academicals and was in the  squad from 1876-7.

He also played at provincial level representing Glasgow District.

He also represented the West of Scotland District.

Referee career

Carrick later became a rugby union referee. He refereed the East of Scotland District versus West of Scotland District match in 1886.

He refereed the Glasgow District versus Edinburgh District match in 1887.

Cricket
A notable cricketer who took the record for the world's highest score at the age of 29, Carrick scored 419 not out for the touring West of Scotland team against Priory Park in Chichester in July 1885.  A left-handed batsman, he batted for 11 and a half hours and the second day's play was extended by a few minutes to allow him to beat William Roe's 415.

Carrick opened the innings and batted for the entire two-day match, making his score out of 745/4. He scored one eight (a huge hit to square leg), two sixes, two fives and 30 fours. The Priory Park bowling was headed by James Lillywhite, a bowler with over 1,200 first-class wickets, including eight in his two Tests, but who was caned for 170 here.  Carrick's innings featured strong off-driving and hefty blows to leg and was blemished by only two chances, to deep-mid-on and the keeper. Priory Park put the chance to become part of history above any resentment over the lack of a declaration and, the record achieved, Carrick was "carried to the dressing room amid immense cheering".

See also
 List of Scottish cricket and rugby union players

References 
 Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Cricinfo Article
In depth Article

Category:

Gérard Côté,  (July 27, 1913 – 13 June 1993) was a Canadian marathon runner and a four-time winner of the Boston Marathon.

Born in Saint-Barnabé-Sud, Quebec, Côté was training to be a boxer when he switched to running marathons. He competed in his first Boston Marathon in 1936 and won the race in 1940, 1943, 1944, and 1948. He set a new course record with his 1940 victory, and was awarded the Lou Marsh Trophy as Canada's top athlete of the year. Côté was the first francophone recipient of the award.

Côté was also a three-time winner of the Yonkers Marathon and won three U.S. Amateur Athletic Union marathon championships. In 264 races over his career, Côté won 112 with 56 second-place finishes. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics but leg cramps held him to a 17th-place finish. He was a member of the Canadian teams at the 1950 British Empire Games and the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games. Côté retired from running in 1956.

Côté has been inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame (1955) and Canada's Sports Hall of Fame (1956). In 1989, he was made a Knight of the National Order of Quebec and in 1990, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada. Côté died in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec at age 79.

See also
 List of winners of the Boston Marathon

References
 Côté biography by David Blaikie

External links
 Canadian Sports Hall of Fame citation
 Gérard Côté at The Canadian Encyclopedia
 National Order of Quebec citation

Further reading 
 David Blaikie. Boston, the Canadian Story. Seneca House Books, 1984 

Category:1913 births
Category:1993 deaths
Category:Canada's Sports Hall of Fame inductees
Category:Knights of the National Order of Quebec
Category:Lou Marsh Trophy winners
Category:Canadian male marathon runners
Category:Members of the Order of Canada
Category:Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Category:Sportspeople from Quebec
Category:French Quebecers
Category:Boston Marathon male winners
Category:Athletes (track and field) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Category:Commonwealth Games competitors for Canada
Category:Athletes (track and field) at the 1950 British Empire Games

Etymology

The name of this pose, Sanskrit द्विपाद शीर्षासन dvi pāda śīrṣāsana comes from "dvi" meaning "two", "pada" meaning "foot", "sirsa" meaning "head", and "asana" meaning "posture" or "seat".

In the 19th century Sritattvanidhi, a pose named Aranyachatakasana, the Forest Sparrow Pose, is described and illustrated. It matches Light on Yoga's description of Dvi Pada Sirsasana.

In Sivananda Yoga, as described by Vishnudevananda Saraswati, a pose named "Dwipada Sirasan" (sic) is illustrated, but the pose shown resembles Yoganidrasana.

Description

In Dvi Pada Sirsasana, a balancing seated position, the feet are crossed behind the head and the hands are held in prayer position in front of the chest. B. K. S. Iyengar rates its difficulty as 24 out of 60, stating that balance in the pose is hard as there is a tendency to fall backwards. He suggests leaving the pose by lifting into Tittibhasana. In Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga, the pose is in the intermediate series, and it is both preceded and followed by Tittibhasana. The pose can be viewed as a variant of Kurmasana (tortoise), and is said to be calming for practitioners able to achieve the extreme hip rotation involved.

Claims

Twentieth century advocates of some schools of yoga, such as B. K. S. Iyengar, made claims for the effects of yoga on specific organs, without adducing any evidence. 
Iyengar claimed that this pose benefits the abdominal organs "quickly", and like Yoganidrasana "tones the kidneys, liver, spleen, intestines, gall bladder, prostates [sic] and the urine bladder", freeing them from disease with "continued practice". He claimed it "exercises the gonads" and rests "the nerves", storing "energy .. for better thinking and better work".

See also

 Navasana - another balancing seated position
 Yoganidrasana - a reclining pose with a similar leg

The 1960 Los Angeles Dodgers finished the season at 82–72, in fourth place in the National League race, 13 games behind the NL and World Champion Pittsburgh Pirates.

Offseason
 November 30, 1959: Steve Bilko was drafted from the Dodgers by the Detroit Tigers in the 1959 rule 5 draft.

Regular season

Season standings

Record vs. opponents

Notable transactions
 April 5, 1960: Fred Kipp was traded by the Dodgers to the New York Yankees for Gordie Windhorn and Dick Sanders.
 April 8, 1960: Don Zimmer was traded by the Dodgers to the Chicago Cubs for Ron Perranoski, Johnny Goryl, Lee Handley and cash.
 April 11, 1960: Johnny Klippstein was purchased from the Dodgers by the Cleveland Indians.
 May 6, 1960: Rip Repulski was traded by the Dodgers to the Boston Red Sox for Nelson Chittum.
 May 7, 1960: Sandy Amorós was traded by the Dodgers (from the minor-league Montreal Royals) to the Detroit Tigers for Gail Harris.
 June 15, 1960: John Glenn was traded by the Dodgers to the St. Louis Cardinals for Jim Donohue.
 June 15, 1960: Clem Labine was traded by the Dodgers to the Detroit Tigers for Ray Semproch and cash.
 July 9, 1960: Tommy Lasorda was released by the Dodgers (from the minor-league Montreal Royals).

Opening Day lineup

Roster

Player stats

Batting

Starters by position 
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in

Other batters 
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in

Pitching

Starting pitchers 
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts

Other pitchers 
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts

Relief pitchers 
Note: G =

1960s
After Bert Bell's death in October , the 33-year-old Rozelle was the surprise choice for his replacement as NFL commissioner. According to Howard Cosell in his book I Never Played the Game, the owners took 23 ballots before settling on Rozelle as NFL Commissioner at a January 26, 1960 meeting.

When he took office following the  season, there were twelve teams in the NFL playing a twelve-game schedule to frequently half-empty stadiums, and only a few teams had television contracts. The NFL in  was following a business model that had evolved from the 1930s. One of Rozelle's early accomplishments was helping the league adopt profit-sharing of gate and television revenues. The revenue-sharing was a major factor in stabilizing the NFL and guaranteeing the success of its small-market teams. Another important contribution was Rozelle's success in negotiating large television contracts to broadcast every NFL game played each season. In doing so, he deftly played one television network against the other. In early 1962, Rozelle was re-elected to a five-year contract to remain as commissioner, with a salary continuing at $50,000 per year. Less than five months later, he was granted a $10,000 bonus (for ) and his annual salary was increased by $10,000 to $60,000.

JFK assassination

After the assassination of President John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963, Rozelle wrestled with the decision of whether to cancel that Sunday's games. Rozelle and White House press secretary Pierre Salinger had been classmates at the University of San Francisco, so Rozelle consulted with him. Salinger urged Rozelle to play the games, so he agreed for the schedule to proceed. Rozelle felt that way, saying: "It has been traditional in sports for athletes to perform in times of great personal tragedy. Football was Mr. Kennedy's game. He thrived on competition." After their win over the Philadelphia Eagles in Philadelphia, players on the Washington Redskins asked Coach Bill McPeak to send the game ball to the White House, thanking Rozelle for allowing the games to be played that weekend, saying that they were "playing...for President Kennedy and in his memory." There were players and news outlets that disagreed with the decision, and Rozelle subsequently thought it might have been wiser to cancel

Biography

Early life
Paulin Talabot was born on 18 August 1799 in Limoges in western France. His father, Francois Talabot (1764–1839), was a lawyer, and his mother was Marie Agathe Martin-Lagrave. He had seven siblings: Pierre Auguste (1790–1867); Léon Joseph (1796–1863); Francois Jules (1792–1868); and Jean-Baptiste Edmond (1804–1832). He studied at the École Polytechnique from 1819; Talabot is said to have become a follower of the Saint-Simonianism movement, but according to Ernouf this is because is he is confused with his younger brother, Edmond.

Career
In 1821, he started work building canals in Brest, and then in 1829 he moved to Decize, a coal mining area, to rebuild the canal between Aigues-Mortes and Beaucaire.

Learning of the success of the railways in England that were being built by George and Robert Stephenson, Talabot formed the Compagnie des Mines de la Grand’Combe et des chemins de fer du Gard, which planned to build a railway to take the coal from the mines at La Grand-Combe to the Mediterranean at Nîmes. The railway was approved 20 June 1833, but the scheme failed to raise the necessary funds until the government backed the scheme in 1837.  Talabot visited England and befriended Robert Stephenson, who later visited Talabot in France. The first section of line from Nîmes to Beaucaire, opened on 15 July 1839, and a train covered the  in 32 minutes using steam locomotives from Newcastle in England hauling carriages built in France. A second section opened in August 1840 and the line was fully opened in 1841.

Between 1838 and 1840, Talabot surveyed a railway between Avignon and Marseille via the Rhone Valley. Permission was granted in 1843 for the difficult  line that included the  bridge over the Rhone and the  Nerthe tunnel, longer than anything in England at that time.

In 1846, Talabot became a member of the Société d'Études du Canal de Suez in 1846, and the following year had accompanied Robert Stephenson and Alois Negrell

Enrique Alférez was a Mexican-American artist who specialized in sculpting architectural reliefs and the human form.

Born in a rural village in northern Mexico, Alférez was introduced to sculpture by his father, a woodworker who was trained . He ran away at age 12, and was conscripted into the Constitutional Army during the Mexican Revolution. In 1920, he fled his home country and made his way to El Paso, Texas, where he found work as a photographer's assistant. It was here he attended a lecture presented by art teacher Lorado Taft, who was visiting El Paso on an Art Institute of Chicago tour. Seeing potential in the young man, Taft encouraged Alferez to come study under him in Chicago, which he did from 1927 through 1929.

After completing his education in 1929, he moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, where he spent much of the rest of his life. He later married an American woman named Margaret, with whom he had a daughter.

His sculptures and reliefs adorn many parks, buildings, and landmarks in the New Orleans Metropolitan Area, many of them commissioned by the Works Progress Administration. Some of the most notable include those in City Park, as well as the "Molly Marine" statue, the first American sculpture to depict a woman in military uniform His fountain at New Orleans Lakefront Airport is a well known local landmark.  He made reliefs for a number of buildings, including the Charity Hospital Building in New Orleans and the Palmolive Building in Chicago.

Alférez was not only a sculptor, and actively produced work in other artistic disciplines. Notably, he painted an official portrait of Senator Huey P. Long (who he personally loathed, as he revealed decades later).

Alférez remained active into his later years, both as a working artist and an art teacher.  In 1993, he appeared in a PBS American Experience documentary entitled "The Hunt for Pancho Villa".

External links 
 Enrique Alferez in The Hunt For Pancho Villa

See also

References

Category:1901 births
Category:1999 deaths
Category:Artists from New Orleans
Category:School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
Category:Mexican sculptors
Category:Works Progress Administration workers
Category:20th-century American sculptors
Category:Mexican-American culture
Category:American male sculptors
Category:Artists from

1991–92 New York Knicks season

The 1991–92 NBA season was the 46th season of the National Basketball Association in New York City. In the offseason, the Knicks hired Pat Riley to take over as head coach, while acquiring All-Star forward Xavier McDaniel from the Phoenix Suns, and signing free agent Anthony Mason. Riley, who previously coached the Los Angeles Lakers two years ago had an impact, as the Knicks finished second in the Atlantic Division with a 51–31 record. Patrick Ewing was selected for the 1992 NBA All-Star Game. In the first round of the playoffs, the Knicks eliminated the Detroit Pistons in five games. In the semifinals, the Knicks faced off against the defending champion Chicago Bulls for the second straight year. The Knicks frustrated the Bulls and Michael Jordan with their physical play. The Knicks lost in seven games as the Bulls–Knicks rivalry was born.

Following the season, McDaniel signed as a free agent with the Boston Celtics, Mark Jackson was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers, Kiki Vandeweghe signed as a free agent with the Clippers, and Gerald Wilkins signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers.

Draft picks

Roster

Regular season

Season standings

y – clinched division title
x – clinched playoff spot

z – clinched division title
y – clinched division title
x – clinched playoff spot

Record vs. opponents

Game log

Playoffs

East First Round

(4) New York Knicks vs. (5) Detroit Pistons: Knicks win series 3–2
Game 1 @ Madison Square Garden, New York City (April 24): New York 109, Detroit 75
Game 2 @ Madison Square Garden, New York City (April 26): Detroit 89, New York 88
Game 3 @ The Palace of Auburn Hills, Auburn Hills (April 28): New York 90, Detroit 87 (OT)
Game 4 @ The Palace of Auburn Hills, Auburn Hills (May 1): Detroit 86, New York 82
Game 5 @ Madison Square Garden, New York City (May 3): New York 94, Detroit 87

Last Playoff Meeting: 1990 Eastern Conference Semifinals (Detroit won 4–1)

East Conference Semifinals

(1) Chicago Bulls vs. (4) New York Knicks: Bulls win series 4–3
Game

The Friend–Hack House, also known as the Hack House, was built as a private house, located at 775 County Street in Milan, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991, and currently houses the Hack House Museum.

History
In the mid-1880s, Professor Henry Friend (or Freund) arrived in New York City, claiming to have invented a process that used electricity to refine sugar.  In 1884, Friend founded the Electric Sugar Refining Company with a capitalization of $1,000,000.  Friend purchased a Brooklyn factory to continue experimenting with his process, and the fortunes of the company boomed, with stock prices jumping from $100 per share in 1884 to $625 per share in 1888.  However, Friend suffered from various health problems, exacerbated by heavy drinking, and died on March 10, 1888.  After Friend's death, his young widow Olive and her parents took control of the company.

Olive was originally from Milan, Michigan, and purchased 80 acres from her uncle William Henry Harrison ("Uncle Henry" to Olive) Hack.  She had this house built for her on the property.  After her husband's death, she and her young son lived for a while in the Brooklyn factory, then retired to Milan later in 1888.  Becoming suspicious, other officers in the Electric Sugar Refining Company contacted her, then began investigating the company's factory.  In early 1889, they discovered that Professor Henry Friend's "process" was a complete fraud, and that no machine existed.  Olive Friend and her parents were arrested and returned to New York.  Although her father was sentenced to nine years in prison, both Olive and her mother were released in late 1889 after being sentenced to time served.

Olive returned to this house, and soon constructed an addition on the rear.  Her mother built a nearly identical home just northwest of Milan on Arkona Road.  Olive soon remarried, moved to Detroit, and sold the house to her uncle William Henry Hack; she died in 1902.  William and Mary Hack moved into the house, and in 1901 their son James and his wife Daisy moved in. James and Daisy Hack lived in the house until 1973, when it was purchased by Owens-Illinois.  In 1980, the company donated the house to the Milan Area Historical Society, who operate it as the Hack House Museum.

Description
The Friend–Hack House is probably the best example

The band is known for having its songs remixed by a wide variety of dance music producers, including Leftfield, Band of Gypsies, Carl Cox, Push, Rollo Armstrong from Faithless, Red Jerry, Matt Darey, Slam, X-Press 2, Trouser Enthusiasts, Robbie Rivera, Jimmy Gomez, K-Klass, Armand Van Helden, and Fire Island (Pete Heller and Terry Farley) among others.

Ahead of its second album, the group released a variety of tracks under alternative names including a selection of 12-inch singles referred to as the Anna Series. This included the instrumental "Angel Dub," which was credited to Anna Din, and was featured on many compilations such as Renaissance: The Mix Collection by Sasha & John Digweed. These tracks were released independently, breaking the terms of their contract with Sony and leading to an increasingly strained relationship with the label.

The group's second album was called Change Or Die, and from it, the band released the singles "When" (U.S. Dance #1), "Exodus," "White Skies," "Secrets," and "Looking at You" (U.S. Dance #2). Despite all these singles, the album was not commercially released in major territories outside the UK, and the band therefore negotiated its release from its Sony Music contract. Their next release was a mainly instrumental limited-edition CD called New Dark Times, issued on the band's own Kali label, which combined new material with tracks from the Anna Series and remixes from Change Or Die.

The band subsequently signed with UK dance label Pulse-8. Its next single, "Catch" (U.K. Dance No. 1, U.S. Dance #2), was from an album titled Out of the Woods, but the label went bankrupt in 1997 before its completion, along with some other challenges at the time this meant that the album and the second single "Cover Me" were never released on the Pulse-8 label. , though remixes of "Cover Me" by Trouser Enthusiasts appeared on compilations, and an unfinished version of the album was leaked online.

Since then there have been a handful of releases and compilations such as the Sunscreem vs Push "Please Save Me" single (US Dance No. 26, UK Singles #40), and a re-release of

The survey of the town site of Tully, named after the Surveyor General William Alcock Tully in 1870, was completed in 1924. A provisional school was opened in a shed on the Mill site in 1924; the National Bank, the first bank in the town, opened in 1925; the Sugar Mill provided electricity for the town from 1927; Cardwell Shire offices opened in Tully in 1930; the town water supply was completed in 1933; and the Fire Brigade established in the 1940s.

Tully was gazetted under the Police Act as a Police District in January 1925 and the first police station was established in a one-room shack with a post to which prisoners were shackled. Tully was gazetted as a place for holding Courts of Petty Session in 1926 and a former post office building was removed from Banyan to Tully and functioned as a court building until the present Courthouse was completed in 1945.

A modest, low-set, T-shaped, masonry building with timber verandahs to each side, the Tully Courthouse was designed in 1941 as part of the extensive public works building program instigated by the Forgan Smith Government to counter the effects of the Depression. Construction was delayed by the outbreak of World War II and the building was finally erected in 1945.

The Tully Courthouse was designed by Nigel Laman Thomas, an architect in the Department of Public Works whose most notable work includes the former University of Queensland Library (now the Queensland University of Technology U block) at Gardens Point, Brisbane. Tully Courthouse displays formal architectural influences adapted to the tropical Tully climate. The layout and form of the building are characteristic of courthouse design of early twentieth century with a general office and associated offices off the front verandah and a single courtroom space surrounded by verandahs in the main body of the building. A well-composed building with formal qualities, symmetrical massing and repetitive rhythmic detailing give a sober, civic presence to the township.

The building has been in continuous use as a courthouse and public offices since 1945.

Description 

A facebrick, T-shaped building on a low rendered brick base, the Tully Courthouse is symmetrical about a gabled front entry porch projecting from an open verandah. The gabled entry front has a central bullseye vent and crisscross balustrading to each side of entrance. The verandah is divided into bays

Clovis is the modern conventional French (and thence English) form of the Old Frankish name *Hlōdowik "famous in battle" (Old High German: Chlodowig) equivalent to the modern forms Louis (French), Lodewijk (Dutch), Lewis (English), and Ludwig (German).

Frankish royalty
 Clovis I (c. 466–511), the first king of the Franks to unite all the Frankish tribes under one ruler
 Clovis II (637–c. 658), king of Neustria and Burgundy
 Clovis III (reigned 675–676), the king of Austrasia
 Clovis IV (682–695), the sole king of the Franks from 691 until 695
 Clovis (died 580), son of Chilperic I and Audovera, assassinated by his father and stepmother
Louis the Pious, son of Charlemagne, King of Aquitaine from 781 and sole ruler of the Franks 814-840, but counted as "Louis I of France" even though West Francia (the nucleus of the later kingdom of France) was formed only after his death.

Modern use
Because of the importance of Clovis I in the national historiography of France, the form Clovis has been occasionally revived beginning in the 19th century. In the same period,  the form Chlodwig has seen some limited use in Germany.

 Chlodwig, Prince of Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst (1819–1901)
 Clovis Hugues (1851-1907), French author
 Chlodwig, Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld (1876–1954)
 Clovis Trouille (1889-1975), French painter
 Clovis-Thomas Richard (1892-1976), Canadian politician
 Clovis Renaison (1892-1989), French Senator
 Clovis E. Byers (1899-1979), American general
 Clovis Cornillac (b. 1967),  French actor
 Clovis Kamdjo (b. 1990), Cameroonian footballer

Fictional characters
 Clovis la Britannia, a character in the anime series Code Geass
 Clovis, the main antagonist in the 1997 Blade Runner video game
 Clov

Several later works have been based upon the poem, including Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera Princess Ida.

Background 
Tennyson planned the poem in the late 1830s after discussing the idea with Emily Sellwood, whom he later married in 1850. It seems to have been a response to criticism that he was not writing about serious issues. It was also a response, in part, to the founding of Queen's College, London, Britain's first college for women, in 1847. Two of Tennyson's friends were part-time professors there. Other critics speculate that the poem was partly inspired by the opening of Love's Labour's Lost and other literary works. Janet Ross, the daughter of Lucie, Lady Duff-Gordon recalled that "[Tennyson] told my mother that he had her in mind when he wrote The Princess. I don't think she was as much flattered as many of his admirers would have been".

Tennyson is reported as saying, in the 1840s, that "the two great social questions impending in England were 'the education of the poor man before making him our master, and the higher education of women'." The women's rights movement, including the right to higher education, was still at an early stage in 1847. In Britain, the first university-level women's school, Girton College, Cambridge, was not opened until 1869, more than two decades after Tennyson wrote The Princess. In A Vindication of the Rights of Woman (1792), however, Mary Wollstonecraft had been an early advocate of the equality of men and women, and writers such as John Stuart Mill had argued for female emancipation. Nevertheless, "Tennyson was in the vanguard in writing of the subject and although feminist critics have complained about the conservative ending of his poem, he must be credited with broaching the topic and voicing some of the injustices women suffered." In The Princess, "Tennyson describes with such clarity the principal problems of feminism".

As in the case of many other Tennyson poems, The Princess is framed by a prologue and a conclusion outside of the main narrative. The description of a summer fête that opens the poem is based on a feast of the Mechanics' Institute at a country house, Park House, near Maidstone, in 1842. The narrative device is a tale of fancy composed in turn by some university undergraduates, based on an old chronicle. Though the poem was moderately

Sustainable Development Goals

The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), known as the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, contains a set of seventeen Global Goals for 169 specific areas. This document was prepared by 193 United Nations (UN) Member States, as well as global civil society. The resolution is a broader agreement than the intergovernmental Post-2015 Development Agenda (successor to the Millennium Development Goals). Iran attended that conference, and pledged to carry out the 2030 Agenda.

History
According to Al-Monitor, all 192 UN member states must "ensure inclusive and quality education for all and promote lifelong learning" for everyone, regardless of gender, ethnicity, or age, by the year 2030. Based on this document, the Rouhani administration designed its own educational plan called "The Islamic Republic of Iran 2030 National Education Act: Moving Toward Quality Education and Lifelong Learning, "but it hadn't been approved by the Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution (SCRC). The 2030 Agenda is not the first educational initiative in Iran. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad proposed "The Fundamental Reform Document of Education (FRDE) in the Islamic Republic of Iran" in 2011. Based on Islamic teachings, that initiative sought to "foster monotheist individuals who have faith in God and believe in the Hereafter".

Criticism

Ali Khamenei 

On 7 May 2017 the Iranian Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, criticized the 2030 National Education Act, saying: He also questioned why so-called international organization under the influence of big powers were making educational decisions for countries with differing histories and cultures.

Mohammad Mehdi Zahedi 

According to Iranian politician Mohammad Mehdi Zahedi, the subject of Human rights in the 2030 Agenda is based on American concepts, which, he said, were far from the ideal of human generosity. He declared that Islam does emphasize gender justice and that there was no way to measure gender equality. He added that Iranians believe that any educational initiative must be based on Islamic tradition, because the Quran clearly speaks about education, but the 2030 Agenda strongly recommended that learning religious tradition and beliefs should not be emphasized in public education.

Grand Ayatollah Naser Makarem Shirazi 

On 22 May 2017 Grand Ayatollah Naser Makarem Shirazi brought up the 2030 UNESCO document during a lecture for seminary students in the holy city of

It provides full support with scenarios for concrete project processes, a web tool for methodical support, checklists and templates for efficient project management.

The method is a simple one and is understandable and does not address the methodologists, rather it addresses the project managers and those involved in the project. It contains clear task descriptions with activities, concrete role descriptions for cross-organisational cooperation and document templates for quick results. It allows an efficient and transparent approach to the project.

HERMES provides support to all of those involved in the project, i.e. the client with governance and sustainability, the project leader with planning, checking and management, the specialists with project execution, the core organisation in coordinating the project with the organisational goals.

The progress of the project is clear and manageable due to the four phases with the predefined milestones.

Scenarios 
Each organisation has various projects which differ from each other in terms of their content and complexity. It is for this reason that HERMES provides various scenarios.  
Depending on the content of the project, the project leader selects a suitable scenario which can be individually adapted. HERMES provides a series of standard scenarios. These scenarios can be adapted according to the requirements of the organisation. The individual scenarios can be made available to other HERMES 5 users and can be recommended for validation to the eCH association.

Modules 
Modules are reusable components for drawing up scenarios. Tasks, results and roles which topically belong together are grouped into a module. They serve as components for scenarios.

Phases and milestones 
The four phases, initialisation, concept, realisation and introduction form the basis of this method. There is a milestone at the start and at the end of each phase.

Roles 
The roles of client, project leader and technical specialist must be filled as a minimum requirement for the duration of the project. There is a description for each role including responsibility and allocation to a hierarchical level. The client role is always assigned to an individual.

Tasks and results 
Results are generated using tasks. HERMES is structured in a results-oriented manner. Tasks and roles are assigned to the results.

Background 
This method was developed in 1975 and has been further developed with the active support of users and technical experts on a continuous basis.

HERMES has been used in Switzerland's Federal Administration since 1975 in the management and execution of

Burton Goldberg, the notorious Miami nightclub impresario, had previously hoped to make the island's "sailboat key" club and residential project the largest in South Florida.  His development ended in foreclosure having been stalled by legal battles with stakeholders and residents.  The design was significantly reworked and Margulies' scaled-back development was finally completed in 1982. Off-island Club membership was also agreed so its amenities would be enjoyed by the wider community. The project finally consisted of three residential towers, a hotel and club, deep-water marina, pools, professional tennis club, original art and sculpture gardens.  The Grove Isle development set the standard for high-end Miami property.

Grove Isle lies in parts three feet above sea level.

Character

Grove Isle provides one of the most secluded spots to live in Miami and is highly prized "by residents for its tranquillity and panoramic bay views". Its residents have included past Heads of State, Senators, judges, lawyers, doctors, corporate leaders, entrepreneurs and philanthropists. Grove Isle has been described as one of the most affluent neighborhoods in the United States.

The Palmeiras Beach Club and Hotel, Spa, Grove Isle Marina and Cliff Drysdale Grove Isle Tennis Club are located on the island.  The world-class Grove Isle Sculpture Garden once comprised part of the island's landscaped design. The three residential towers' interior designs were unique in the area for their Asian themes and accents. The island club restaurant, operating under the name of Baleen and then Gibraltar, were highly regarded in their time.

The island's wide open spaces and expansive tree canopy are valued highly by its residents.  The gardens and decks of Grove Isle were due to be replanted after damage received from Hurricane Irma in September 2017.  Major renovations were also planned to improve the structural and aesthetic integrity of the three towers, their decks and the gardens. The retention of the island's tree canopy and its mature trees remain a priority for many on Grove Isle and Coconut Grove.

Controversy 

Competing visions for Grove Isle’s future have at times embroiled the island in controversy.  Its 1980 development was only permitted under a landmark settlement after the project was significantly scaled back over a decade of litigation and protest.  A further proposal to develop the island’s yacht club also ended up in court due to concerns about its environmental

Interaction with other policy instruments 

Moral suasion is rarely used in isolation. Governments can use moral suasion in conjunction with a variety of other policy instruments to reach its objectives.

Regulation 

Firms may alter their behaviour in order to reduce the probability that they will be subject to additional regulations.  In fact, they may respond more to the threat of being regulated than to the actual imposition of regulations, as illustrated by the fact that US oil companies froze wholesale petrol prices when the 1991 Iraq war started, even without being prompted to do so.

Price cap 

Governments can also implicitly or explicitly threaten to establish price caps to make moral suasion more likely to succeed.  This was illustrated in 1979 when the Chairman of the US Federal Reserve System, Paul Volcker, warned banks against raising prime rates above a certain level, and in the 1960s when US President John F. Kennedy caused U.S. Steel to reverse its decision to increase prices by sharply criticizing the company.

Additional taxation 

Moral suasion, in the form of public exhortation, was used to curb the bonuses paid to certain employees in the financial sector, without much success.  The threat of additional, specific taxes was later used in conjunction with moral suasion to make compliance more likely.

Open market transactions and other interventions by central banks 

Central banks and governments who let markets know what they consider ranges of "appropriate" values for its currency has impacts on the trading of the currency, even if intervention never occurs.  Central banks can buy or sell various securities if the currency value falls outside its desired range.

Information provision 

Governments can choose to publish information in order to "shame" certain market participants into altering their behaviour.  The threat of information provision, and of shaming drug companies that were charging "excessive" prices in the eyes of the US government, was used by the Clinton administration to curb increases in drug prices.  The government of Singapore's decision to publish comparative cost data from different hospital to encourage them to be more efficient is also an example of where moral suasion was used in conjunction with information provision.

Service provision 

The threat of a public option, i.e. direct government provision of goods and services in a sector that is deemed under-serviced can be a powerful motivator for private companies to modify their behaviour in order to prevent the government from entering their market.

Privatisation and deregulation 


Under Boro’s leadership, Zui inked distribution partnerships with Comcast, Best Buy, DreamWorks and other companies.   Comcast offered a customized version to its subscribers. DreamWorks and KidZui integrated the lead character from the animated movie “How to Train Your Dragon” in DreamWorks’ social networking experience as part of an integrated sponsorship. Best Buy, the consumer electronics retailer, offers the KidZui browser as part of its software installation service.

Parenting magazines, social networks and blogs focused considerable attention on the browser. The company also created a KidZui extension to work on other browsers.  Boro said in an interview, "Since launching in March, hundreds of thousands of kids and parents have seen the value in KidZui and have become active and engaged users. KidZui's Mozilla add-on now gives us the opportunity to connect with Mozilla's active community, giving them access to a safe social browser with just one click."

KidZui also launched a YouTube-style website, ZuiTube that features ZuiStars such as MattyB in an age-appropriate setting. In an interview with CNN Boro said, "The goal is to be both educational and entertaining, so KidZui has mapped out 8,600 channels of what kids are interested in, ranging from photosynthesis to Miley Cyrus. We relate all of those categories to each other so kids can independently and safely browse, search and share."

In 2011, KidZui became Zui.com, Inc. Saban Brands acquired the company in September 2012.  Zui.com won Nappa Gold Winner (2008), the Children’s Technology Review Editor’s Choice Award (2009), the Parents Choice Award (2009), and the Wired Safety Best of the Web Award (2009).

The Team Group, LLC
Boro and Broadhead cofounded The Team Group, LLC in October 2012. Boro is the managing partner of the San Diego-based firm, which has two divisions, Team Services and Team Ventures. Team Group personnel work closely with their clients to provide expert services and smaller scale financing. In addition, Team Group helps clients develop business strategies and raise additional capital. Instead of taking venture capital fees, all partners receive a salary from the services portion of the business.

Team Services provides a financial and administrative services platform. The division manages personnel, accounting, finance and cash management tasks for nascent start-ups—web entrepreneurs that

Staples High School is a public high school located in the town of Westport, Connecticut, USA.

Staples High School is named after Horace Staples, who founded the school on April 26, 1884.

Westport is one of eight school districts in District Reference Group A (along with Darien, Easton, New Canaan, Redding, Ridgefield, Weston, and Wilton).

Campus
The school was first located at Riverside Avenue in a three-level red brick building.

In 1958 Staples High School moved to its current location on a 9-acre campus at 70 North Avenue.

History
Seeing the "town’s lack of progress in education," Horace Staples, a wealthy businessman with interests in shipping, hardware sales, and banking, founded Staples High School. Initially Staples intended to fund the school via an interest left in his will; however, that interest became known while he was still alive, and led to the school's foundation being laid in 1884.  On April 24, 1884, businesses closed early in Westport to celebrate the dedication of Staples High School.  Connecticut Governor Thomas M. Waller attended the opening.

In the first year of operation, commencing in the fall of 1884, Staples High School had 60 of the 807 students attending schools in Westport.

On June 24, 1887, Staples High School conferred its first high school diplomas to six female students who comprised its first graduating class.

In 1909 the Town of Westport accepted control of Staples High School from the Horace Staples estate.

From 1966 to 1969, Staples attracted some of the biggest names in music to perform in concert. The Animals, Cream, The Yardbirds, The Young Rascals, Sly and the Family Stone and Louis Armstrong to name a few. A short documentary was produced in 2017.

Activities

Inklings
The school newspaper, Inklings, has won the Columbia Scholastic Press Association gold medal every year since 2000 (in addition to a silver medal in 1999).  The paper has also received the rank of First Place with "Special Honors" from the American Scholastic Press Association since 2001 and has been dubbed "the best school paper in the state" by the Hartford Courant.   Staples teaches both introductory and advanced journalism courses during which students work at Inklings.

Inklings

Sir Able enters the world of Aelfrice again and finds the sword Eterne, which he is able to wield. With the sword he slays the dragon Grengarm, dying in the process (although this is not made clear until well into the second book). He is brought by Alvit, a Valkyrie to the Valfather's castle in Skai, the realm above Mythgarthr (a clear parallel to the Norse idea of Valhalla). This is the end of the first book.

The second book, The Wizard, begins with Toug helping Baron Beel's diplomatic expedition in the capital city of the giants. Soon Sir Able reappears, riding a young unicorn that can fly (though it has no wings) and wielding Eterne. Sir Able has been 20 years with the Valfather fighting the giants but has now returned to Mythgarthr. Only a week or so has passed in the world of the other human characters. Sir Able now has the powers of a being of Skai but he cannot use his those powers because he promised the Valfather that he would not.

The diplomatic expedition to Jotunland, the land of giants, ends badly as the king of giants is mortally wounded during a staged combat. Baron Beel's daughter, Idnn, marries the king of the giants shortly before he dies, and then claims rule over the giantesses of Jotunland. With Sir Able's help, Baron Beel's expedition retreats back to the realm of men, defeating a host of giants along the way.

Another war is going on, fought between king Arnthor's army and the army of the cannibal Osterlings. Sir Able fights and wins a great combat with the undead champion of the king's sister Morcaine, and then is granted an audience with the king. He delivers a speech which angers the king, and is imprisoned for more than a year. He leaves Mythgarthr and travels with Lord Escan to Aelfrice and the worlds under it.

With the king dying and the Osterlings nearly victorious, Sir Able returns with Lord Escan to Mythgarthr and his force meets up with the king's army at Burning Mountain. Able convinces the king to give up the mountain to retreat and gather his forces. After they gather more forces, a final battle is waged against the O

Zuzana Cibičková (born 26 August 1988), née Borošová, is a Slovak chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM, 2011), Slovak Women's Chess Championship winner (2014).

Biography
In the years 2006–2008, Zuzana Cibičková three times in a row won gold medals in the Slovak Junior Chess Championships in U20 girl's year group. In 2008, she won bronze medal in Slovak Women's Chess Championship. In 2014, Zuzana Cibičková won gold medal in Slovak Women's Chess Championship.

Zuzana Cibičková played for Slovakia in the Women's Chess Olympiads:
 In 2004, at first reserve board in the 36th Chess Olympiad (women) in Calvià (+4, =0, -2),
 In 2006, at first reserve board in the 37th Chess Olympiad (women) in Turin (+3, =3, -3),
 In 2012, at first board in the 40th Chess Olympiad (women) in Istanbul (+2, =6, -3),
 In 2018, at third board in the 43rd Chess Olympiad (women) in Batumi (+3, =4, -2).

Zuzana Cibičková played for Slovakia in the European Girls' U18 Team Chess Championships:
 In 2004, at first board in the 5th European U18 Team Chess Championship (girls) in Belgrade (+2, =2, -2) and won team bronze medal,
 In 2006, at first board in the 6th European U18 Team Chess Championship (girls) in Balatonlelle (+4, =2, -1) and won team and individual bronze medals.

In 2008, Zuzana Cibičková was awarded the FIDE International Women Master (WIM) title and in 2011 she received the title of FIDE International Women Grandmaster (WGM).

References

External links

Zuzana Cibičková chess games at 365Chess.com

Category:1988 births
Category:People from Komárno
Category:Slovak female chess players
Category:Chess woman grandmasters
Category:Chess Olympiad competitors


The film is the first entry in Eddie Romero's epic historical trilogy, the other two being "Aguila" and "Kamakalawa", respectively.

Plot
Set at the turn of the 20th century during the Filipino revolution against the Spaniards and, later, the American colonizers, it follows a naive peasant through his leap of faith to become a member of an imagined community.

Synopsis
Nicolas "Kulas" Ocampo (Christopher de Leon), a young 
indio, lost his house to a fire due to its abandonment. He was forced to leave the countryside in search of a temporary refuge and then, he finds a priest named Padre Gil Corcuera (E.A. Rocha) who is hiding from a gang of bandits. They get to know each other, but Kulas ends up being whipped by the friars when Padre Corcuera told them that he was abducted by Kulas. Eventually, Padre Gil forgave him and he asked Kulas to take care of his illegitimate child Bindoy (Dranreb Belleza) in Manila. On their way to the city, Manocdoc & Ognitap nag puwitan meet a group of traveling actors' troupe. Kulas falls in love with its group leader Matilde "Diding" Diaz (Gloria Diaz). But he was not given the opportunity to express his love as well as he should have been in the city for the boy and had to act as the group moved forward.

With the boy in tow, Kulas arrived in Manila by boat. He was guided by Lim (Tsing Tong Tsai), a Chinese trader he encountered on the way, he was in the city. Kulas went astray after he transporting the boy to the destination, until he meets Diding again, who is married to a Spanish mestizo, Don Tibor (Eddie Garcia).

Another misfortune happened to Kulas when the Spanish soldiers mistakenly thought he was a robber. He was jailed but escaped with the help of a fellow prisoner, Onofre 'Kidlat' Biltao (Johnny Vicar), who was a swarm, before being sentenced to death. Meanwhile, Manila is in the midst of turmoil because of the arrival of Americans. The Spanish government collapsed, and Kulas decided to see Diding for the last time. After a brief encounter with her, Kulas left,

Disk migration 
Disk migration arises from the gravitational force exerted by a sufficiently massive body embedded in a disk on the surrounding disk's gas, which perturbs its density distribution.  By the reaction principle of classical mechanics, the gas exerts an equal and opposite gravitational force on the body, which can also be expressed in terms of a torque.  This torque alters the angular momentum of the planet's orbit, resulting in a variation of the semi-major axis and other orbital elements.  An increase over time of the semi-major axis leads to outward migration, i.e., away from the star, whereas the opposite behavior leads to inward migration.

Three sub-types of disk migration are distinguished as Types I, II, and III, however the numbering is not intended to suggest a sequence or stages.

Type I disk migration 
Small planets undergo Type I disk migration driven by torques arising from Lindblad and co-rotation resonances. Lindblad resonances excite spiral density waves in the surrounding gas, both interior and exterior of the planet's orbit.  In most cases, the outer spiral wave exerts a greater torque than does the inner wave, causing the planet to lose angular momentum, and hence migrate toward the star. The migration rate due to these torques is proportional to the mass of the planet and to the local gas density, and results in a migration timescale that tends to be short relative to the million-year lifetime of the gaseous disk.  Additional co-rotation torques are also exerted by gas orbiting with a period similar to that of the planet. In a reference frame attached to the planet, this gas follows horseshoe orbits, reversing direction when it approaches the planet from ahead or from behind. The gas reversing course ahead of the planet originates from a larger semi-major axis and may be cooler and denser than the gas reversing course behind the planet. This may result in a region of excess density ahead of the planet and of lesser density behind the planet, causing the planet to gain angular momentum. 

The planet mass for which migration can be approximated to Type I depends on the local gas pressure scale height and, to a lesser extent, the kinematic viscosity of the gas. In warm and viscous disks, Type I migration may apply to larger mass planets. In locally isothermal disks and far from steep density and temperature gradients, co-rotation torques are generally overpowered by the Lindblad torques. Regions of outward migration may exist for some planetary mass ranges and disk

Keane was the gardener at Orwell Park, Ipswich, and a contributor to the Journal of Horticulture. He wrote five gardening books, first published between 1849 and 1861.

His first work was The Beauties of Surrey, published in 1849, described as being "a particular description of about  one hundred and twenty seats of the nobility and gentry, in the County of Surrey, comprising all that is interesting in the departments of  horticulture, floriculture, arboriculture, park and pleasure ground scenery, from visits made in the spring of 1849".

Keane called his book a "labour of love". He had spent the first part of 1849 visiting gardens at country houses in Surrey, and decided to write up the results for others to enjoy: "Now that railroads, the annihilators of space and time, afford such facilities for visiting various and distant places in the country, it is assuredly an advantage to be provided with a description of the different Seats, to select that neighbourhood where the particular information that each person may choose to seek would be best found. If it were necessary it would be easy to describe the many useful purposes that such visits would secure, either for a knowledge of the improved system of plant cultivation, park and pleasure ground scenery, fruit or flower forcing, flower garden embellishment, fruit tree and vegetable garden management, the best horticultural structures, pinetums, in short, every improvement that would be interesting to gardeners in particular, or to the public in general."

In 1850, he published the sequel, The Beauties of Middlesex: Being a Particular Description of the Principal Seats of the Nobility and Gentry, in the County of Middlesex Comprising a Great Deal that is Interesting in the History Architecture and Internal Adornments of the Mansions Etc., and in the Gardens, Parks, and Pleasure Ground Scenery, from Visits Made in 1849 and 1850.

Keane then moved on to writing practical gardening manuals. He published Out-door gardening during every week in the year: shewing how, when, and where to sow, plant, and cultivate all crops in the kitchen, fruit and flower garden in 1859, and In-door gardening for every week in the year: showing the most successful treatment for all plants cultivated in the greenhouse, conservatory, stove, pit, orchid and forcing

Australia

Following a lengthy design contest that pitted the design against the similar but smaller French , the Prime Minister of Australia announced on 20 June 2007, that Australia would purchase and build two ships of the same design to become the s. Navantia was responsible for construction of the ships from the keel to the flight deck in Spain, after which the hulls were transported to Australia for completion by BAE Systems Australia. The first of these ships  was commissioned on 28 November 2014, the second ship  was commissioned on 4 December 2015. Both commissioning ceremonies took place at the Garden Island naval base in Sydney.

Russia
In September 2009, Russia invited Navantia to take part in the competition to supply Russian Navy with the new generation of amphibious assault ships to compete against the French  ships. In January 2011 Russia chose the Mistral design over the Spanish concept.

Licensing

Turkey

Navantia will provide design, technology transfer, equipment and technical assistance to Sedef Shipyard of Turkey for the design and development of TCG Anadolu (L-400), a modified Turkish derivative of the Juan Carlos-class LHD. The derivative is classified as a "Light Aircraft Carrier/LHD" by Turkish Lloyd. The Turkish Navy variant will be built in Turkey by Sedef and feature Turkish command and control systems.  Combat system will be integrated by Aselsan and Havelsan. In December 2013, the Turkish LPD/LHD program was estimated to cost € 375 million (US$500 million). According to the original plan, the Turkish Navy wanted a slightly shorter flight deck without the ski-jump ramp in front, to be optimized for use with only helicopters.

However, the Turkish Navy later changed its plan and opted for a fully equipped flight deck with the ski-jump ramp in front, after deciding to purchase F-35B STOVL aircraft. Turkey is a Level 3 partner in the Joint Strike Fighter program and the Turkish Air Force will get the F-35A CTOL version.  The Turkish version of the LHD will be capable of operating up to 12 F-35Bs and 12 helicopters in "light aircraft carrier" configuration.  The dimensions of the final design are: 232 meters (length), 32 meters (beam), 6.9 meters (draught), and 58 meters (height). Its displacement will be 24,660 tons (in "light aircraft carrier" mission configuration) or 27,079 tons (in "L

The 42nd Precinct/Town Hall Police Station, located in Chicago's Lake View community area, is one of the oldest and most architecturally significant extant historic police station buildings in Chicago. It was constructed in 1907 on the site of Lake View Township's Town Hall and subsequently has been commonly referred to as the "Town Hall Police Station." Only three older police station buildings are extant in Chicago.

The 42nd Precinct/Town Hall Police Station also is significant as a finely-designed Classical Revival-style police station. Distinguished by its symmetrical façade arrangement, classicly-inspired ornament, and distinctive copper cornice, this well-preserved police station exemplifies the influence of Classicism on the architecture of government and public buildings in Chicago in the early twentieth century.

Early history

Between 1857 and 1889, the area north of North Avenue, east of Western Avenue and south of Devon Avenue was a separate township from Chicago called Lake View. The township of Lake View saw a significant growth in population from 2,000 in 1870 to 45,000 in 1887. Under the weight of public service demands, the township of Lake View was annexed to Chicago in 1889. The 42nd Precinct's current location is historically considered the municipal center of the township of Lake View and it was on this site that the Lake View Town Hall previously sat.

The city of Chicago decided to de-centralize its police department and establish constable run stations across the city. Consequently, soon after its annexation in 1906, the old town hall was torn down and construction on a police station began.

History
In 1959 police districts were consolidated and the 42nd Precinct became the home of the 19th District, which extended from Lawrence Avenue on the North to Fullerton Avenue on the south, and from Lake Michigan on the east to the Chicago River north branch on the west.

In 1966 it was decided that the Town Hall Station could not provide adequate room for new equipment. Subsequently, a new 19th district police station was built on the grounds of the former Riverview Amusement Park at 2452 W. Belmont. Rather than having the new station supplant the Town Hall District, officials split the district down the middle. The new station became the 19th district and the Town Hall Station became the new 23rd District. Clark Street became the dividing line between the two districts. In 2004, the lockup at the Town Hall Station closed and all arrested in the 23rd District were taken to the 19

History
It was built in 1941 at the bottom of Crickley Hill. It was assessed to be listed by Historic England in 2010, but was not listed.

Production
The Gloster Meteor, the first jet fighter, was built at the site. In 1942 there were 130 employees working at the site. Gloster aircraft were tested at RAF Moreton Valence.

The first Gloster Meteor DG202 was ground-run at the site on 29 June 1942. Gloster's design and development was at Bentham.

The Meteor would first fly on 5 March 1943, piloted by Michael Daunt, from RAF Cranwell in Lincolnshire; the Meteor was originally to have been called Thunderbolt; the first aircraft had Halford H-1 engines (de Havilland Goblin) as the Power Jets W.2 was not ready in time. Gloster aircraft were also flown from RAF Edgehill in Oxfordshire on the north-east of Cotswolds south of the A422, as this was halfway between the Bentham site and Lutterworth (later at Whetstone) in Leicestershire, where the jet engines were being developed by Power Jets; Power Jets also had a site at Barnoldswick. The world's first turboprop aircraft was Meteor EE227 flown from RAF Church Broughton in Derbyshire on 20 September 1945, with a Rolls-Royce RB.50 Trent engine.

Squadron Leader Les Watts led 616 Squadron when it was the first to get the Meteor at RAF Culmhead.

German jet aircraft
The German Messerschmitt Me 262 had been developed at Augsburg, then Oberammergau, in Bavaria by Woldemar Voigt; the Me 262 first flew on 18 July 1942 at Leipheim in Bavaria, piloted by Fritz Wendel.

Present day
In 2018 the site was developed for housing, to be known as Bentham Green. The site was sold in October 2016 for £3.2m.

Structure
The site is to the north of the dual-carriageway A417 road in Badgeworth. It was sited next to St Peter's Church.

References

External links
 Historic England

Category:1941 establishments in England
Category:Aircraft assembly plants in England
Category:Buildings and structures in Gloucestershire
Category:Commercial buildings completed in 1941
Category:Economy of Gl

Bibliography

in English

in German
 Jürgen Lohbeck: Das vergessene Scheindorf in Velbert. Die Kruppsche Nachtscheinanlage auf dem Rottberg im Zweiten Weltkrieg 1941–1945. Scala Verlag, Velbert 2012, . (Summary in German)
 Elke Janßen-Schnabel: Das Scheindorf der Kruppwerke. In: Denkmalpflege im Rheinland (), 30. Jahrgang 2013, Nr. 4, S. #.
 Jürgen Lohbeck: Der Krieg vor unserer Haustür. Ereignisse, Erlebnisse, Schicksale im Zweiten Weltkrieg in Velbert, Langenberg und Umgebung. Scala Verlag, Velbert 2013, . (Summary in German)
 Helmut Grau, Jürgen Lohbeck, Josef Johannes Niedworok, Sven Polkläser: Vergessene Täuschungsbauwerke des Zweiten Weltkrieges. Die Krupp'sche Nachtscheinanlage in Velbert. In: Archäologie im Rheinland 2013. Theiss Verlag, Darmstadt 2014, , S. #.
 Wiebke Hoppe: Kruppsche Nachtscheinanlage, Kreis Mettmann. In: LVR-Amt für Bodendenkmalpflege im Rheinland, Rheinischer Verein für Denkmalpflege und Landschaftsschutz (Hrsg.): Archäologische Kriegsrelikte im Rheinland. Klartext Verlag, Essen 2014, , S. #.
 Bau- und Betriebsgrundsätze für Scheinanlagen, herausgegeben vom Reichsminister der Luftfahrt und Oberbefehlshaber der Luftwaffe (Az. 41 L 46 10 Nr. 9659/42 (L. In. 13/3 III C/a), Ausgabe November 1942
 Luftwaffen-Dienstvorschrift 2400 Betrieb von Scheinanlagen, L.Dv.g. 2400, herausgegeben vom Reichsminister der Luftf

The film was about a group of outcasts that find the body of a deceased sex worker in the trunk of their car. A hazy memory due to a night of heavy partying, the group is forced to solve the mystery to absolve themselves from the murder before evil forces get to the body first. The film would be rejected from film festivals due to its outrageous title, finally getting its first two debut screenings during the female-focused film festivals of the very first Women in Horror Recognition Month, founded by Hannah Neurotica. After that, the film would go onto cult status, even being banned in Saskatoon, again for its title.

American Mary 
Following their first project, the twins struggled to find work for women in the film industry.  Deciding to make films themselves, they created American Mary, and have continued to direct films ever since. American Mary was shown at Film4 Fright Fest, Toronto After Dark Film Festival and Monster Fest, gaining positive reviews and critical acclaim from each festival. They make an appearance in this film, again playing twins known in the canon as The Demon Twins of Berlin.

The film would come from a conversation with Eli Roth who became a friend and mentor after the twins reached out with their first film, DHIAT. The twins were struggling to release their first film and he said to focus on the next one. Him requesting to read the script about a medical student, forced the sisters to write one, taking research from a personal interest in body modification and dealing with the trauma of family illness mixed with the horrors of the pursuit of s career where you are not necessarily welcomed. Even with the script written, their first film and their new film wasn't something anyone felt confident enough to sign onto.

After years of pithing American Mary and not finding success, the twins' parents remortgaged their childhood home to be the first investors in the film. The film would go on the cast Canadian horror icon, Katharine Isabelle, as Mary Mason, Tristan Risk, as Beatress Johnson, Antonio Cupo, as Billy Barker, and David Lovegren, as Dr Grant. It would also mark the first time the Soskas would collaborate with long time partners, Masters FX, who has defined their films with their realest bodies in the business. Wanting to be respectful to the body modification community, the sisters would hire flesh artist, Russ Foxx, as a consultant and to play a role in the film to ensure

Problem management

Problem management is the process responsible for managing the lifecycle of all problems that happen or could happen in an IT service. The primary objectives of problem management are to prevent problems and resulting incidents from happening, to eliminate recurring incidents, and to minimize the impact of incidents that cannot be prevented. The Information Technology Infrastructure Library defines a problem as the cause of one or more incidents.

Scope
Problem Management includes the activities required to diagnose the root cause of incidents identified through the Incident Management process, and to determine the resolution to those problems. It is also responsible for ensuring that the resolution is implemented through the appropriate control procedures, especially Change Management and Release Management.

Problem Management will also maintain information about problems and the appropriate workarounds and resolutions, so that the organization is able to reduce the number and impact of incidents over time. In this respect, Problem Management has a strong interface with Knowledge Management, and tools such as the Known Error Database will be used for both. Although Incident Management and Problem Management are separate processes, they are closely related and will typically use the same tools, and may use similar categorization, impact and priority coding systems. This will ensure effective communication when dealing with related incidents and problems.

Value to business
Problem Management works together with Incident Management and Change Management to ensure that IT service availability and quality are increased. When incidents are resolved, information about the resolution is recorded. Over time, this information is used to speed up the resolution time and identify permanent solutions, reducing the number and resolution time of incidents. This results in less downtime and less disruption to business critical systems.

Process activities, methods and techniques
Problem Management consists of two major processes:
 Reactive Problem Management, which is generally executed as part of Service Operation
 Proactive Problem Management which is initiated in Service Operation, but generally driven as part of Continual service improvement (CSI).

Problem detection
Suspicion or detection of a cause of one or more incidents by the Service Desk, resulting in a Problem Record being raised – Service Desk may have resolved the incident but has not determined a definitive cause and suspects that it is likely to recur.
 Analysis of an incident by a technical support group which reveals that an underlying problem exists, or is likely to exist.
 Automated detection of an infrastructure or application fault, using event/alert tools automatically to raise an incident which may reveal the need for a Problem Record.
 A notification from a supplier or contractor that a problem exists that has

Golden Liberty

Golden Liberty (; , ), sometimes referred to as Golden Freedoms, Nobles' Democracy or Nobles' Commonwealth ( or Złota wolność szlachecka) was a political system in the Kingdom of Poland and, after the Union of Lublin (1569), in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Under that system, all nobles (szlachta), regardless of rank or economic status, were considered to have equal legal status and enjoyed extensive legal rights and privileges. The nobility controlled the legislature (the Sejm—the Polish parliament) and the Commonwealth's elected king.

Development
This political system, unique in Europe, stemmed from the consolidation of power by the szlachta (noble class) over other social classes and over the monarchical political system. In time, the szlachta accumulated enough privileges (established by the Nihil novi Act (1505), King Henry's Articles (1573), and various Pacta conventa) that no monarch could hope to break the szlachtas grip on power.

The political doctrine of the Commonwealth of the Two Nations was "our state is a republic under the presidency of the King". Chancellor Jan Zamoyski summed up this doctrine when he said that "Rex regnat et non gubernat" ("The King reigns but [literally 'and'] does not govern"). The Commonwealth had a parliament, the Sejm, as well as a Senat and an elected king. The king was obliged to respect citizens' rights specified in King Henry's Articles as well as in pacta conventa negotiated at the time of his election.

The monarch's power was limited, in favour of the sizable noble class. Each new king had to subscribe to King Henry's Articles, which were the basis of Poland's political system and included almost unprecedented guarantees of religious tolerance. Over time, King Henry's Articles were merged with the pacta conventa, specific pledges agreed to by the king-elect. From then on, the king was effectively a partner with the noble class and was constantly supervised by a group of senators. The doctrine had ancient republican thought at its roots, which was then reapplied with varying success to the political reality of an elective monarchy.

The foundation of the Commonwealth's political system, the "Golden Liberty" (, a term used from 1573), included:
 the election of the

Lynch later stated in an interview some of the striking similarities between Emily and her former character of Luna Lovegood in the Harry Potter films:

There are a lot of similarities, I think, and it’s so true in [Emily's] family life as well. Even the fact that he’s the father of the philosopher and has all these crazy ideas and attracts this cultish following is very similar to Xenophilius [Luna's father]. What attracts me to all characters is just authenticity and that boldness of self-expression, which I think they both do. Luna does it effortlessly in that she’s who she is and she has no problem with that and she doesn’t ever try to inhibit or change herself. And I think Emily is the same way, slightly more defiantly. I think Emily is a lot angrier at the world and sees so much fakery and pretension among her teenage peers, and I think she rebels against that by being so authentic and so true to herself. I just admire women like that because I, certainly growing up, felt unusual, felt odd, and felt I didn’t really have a place where I fit. But I always felt uncomfortable like that, and those women, like Emily and like Luna, they give me the confidence to just fit in that uncomfortable space.

Principal photography began on 17 September 2014 on location in Bray, County Wicklow and Dublin and lasted for five weeks. Due to his computer software being sensitive to direct sunlight, Fitzmaurice required special accommodations, such as being sheltered by darkened tents, in order for him to communicate through his computer to his cast and crew.

Prior to the production, director Frankie Fenton began shooting a documentary feature, It's Not Yet Dark following the progression of Fitzmaurice's disease and the filming of Emily.

Reception

Critical response
The film generated mostly favourable reviews from critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a rating of 89%, based on 19 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10. Metacritic gives the film a weighted average score of 55 out of 100, based on reviews from 6 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews." The film was met with critical praise in Ireland where it received standing ovations at its festival premiere whereas overseas, the reaction was more mixed. The clichéd narrative structure has been largely criticized while the performances and cinematography have been generally welcomed.

Le lazzarone

Le lazzarone, ou Le bien vient en dormant (The Lad from Naples, or Good comes from Sleeping) is an opéra in two acts with music by Fromental Halévy to a libretto by Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges. It was premiered on 29 March 1844 at the Paris Opéra.

At the instruction of Léon Pillet, the director of the Opéra, the opera was written as a vehicle for his mistress Rosine Stoltz (who had recently borne him a child). After some severe critical reactions, the opera was not successful and has not been revived.

Performance history
The inappropriate casting of a far-from-splendid 31-year-old portraying a Neapolitan teenager was not appreciated by the Parisian critics. A review in the Revue et gazette musicale sardonically regretted the Opéra's 'dearth of tenors', and  noted that the composer  was 'forced to do without a timbre of voice so essential to an opera.' Hector Berlioz wrote that 'the orchestration is too grandiose, too pompous, too loud and even too slow for this kind of story.' At the premiere, Stoltz particularly annoyed her rival Julie Dorus-Gras by conspicuously eating macaroni onstage during the latter's aria.

The opera also marked the Paris debut of Lola Montez as an 'Andalusian dancer'. This however proved a disaster; Montez, losing a shoe during one routine, flung it into the boxes. Théophile Gautier wrote 'Mlle. Montez [...] has small feet and shapely legs. Her use of these is quite another matter'.

Roles

Synopsis
Place: Naples
Time:
The lazy Beppo is enamoured of the flower seller Baptista. Mirobolante and Corvo, discovering Baptista's birth certificate, find that she is unaware that she is an heiress to a fortune. They woo her assiduously; Beppo, feeling he has no chance against such wealthy suitors, goes to sleep. Baptista however wakes him and says she much prefers him to the other two. Mirobolante and Corvo try to prevent their marriage by asserting that Baptista is a minor; her birth certificate however shows that she is 21 that

Dipentodon is a genus of flowering plants in the family Dipentodontaceae. Its only species, Dipentodon sinicus, is a small, deciduous tree native to southern China, northern Myanmar, and northern India. It has been little studied and until recently its affinities remained obscure.

Description 
Dipentodon sinicus is a small, deciduous tree. The leaves are stipulate, alternate, and simple, with serrate margins. The inflorescence is variable in form, usually an abbreviated, umbelliform cyme  containing 25 to 30 small flowers. The flowers are actinomorphic and yellowish green. The sepals and petals are only weakly differentiated, usually 5, rarely to 7 in number, free, or united only at the base. The hypanthium is very short  or else the ovary is superior. The nectary disk is intrastaminal. The stamens are opposite the sepals. The ovary consists of three united carpels with two ovules per carpel. The ovary is 1-loculate, but partly 3-loculate at its base. The fruit is a 1-seeded drupaceous capsule.

History 
Dipentodon was named and first described in 1911 by Stephen Troyte Dunn in what is now called the Kew Bulletin. At that time, Dunn wrote:

Dipentodon was placed in its own family by Elmer Drew Merrill in 1941, but this placement was not generally followed. Instead, most authors put Dipentodon in the ill-defined and heterogeneous family Flacourtiaceae. In the twenty-first century, Flacourtiaceae is recognized by only a few taxonomists,  and then only in a much narrower sense than it had been. Dipentodon is unrelated to Flacourtiaceae sensu stricto, a segregate of Salicaceae. Molecular phylogenetic studies have led to the widespread acceptance of the family Dipentodontaceae and its placement in the order Huerteales. Some authors have defined the family as consisting only of Dipentodon. Others, following the recommendation of a 2006 study, have included Perrottetia. When the APG II classification was published in 2003, the taxonomic position of Dipentodon was still unknown and it was placed incertae sedis in the angiosperms. It was listed in the appendix under TAXA OF UNCERTAIN POSITION.

References

External

First leg

Second leg

Semi-finals

First leg

Second leg

Final

First leg

Second leg

Olympic qualifiers 

 Denmark, Italy and Sweden as winners of their quarter-final rounds qualify for Olympic Games finals. Since the fourth winner Scotland do not compete in the Olympic Football Tournament (See Great Britain Olympic football team), Poland qualifies instead, being the best of the four quarter-final losers according to a special coefficient which is calculated based on the points achieved in the group stage and the quarter-finals, divided by the number of games played. Poland's coefficient is 1.625, while the Netherlands, Czechoslovakia and Germany have achieved a score of 1.5. But The Netherlands has best goal diferential is the one of these three teams to face OFC champions in playoff for an additional place   .

1.POLAND	  13 points/8 games played = 1.625

2.Netherlands	  12 points/8 games played = 1.5 (+16/8= +2)

3.Germany	   9 points/6 games played = 1.5 (+10/6= +1.66)

4.Czechoslovakia  15 points/10 games played = 1.5 (+16/10= +1.6)

 Australia 1-1 Netherlands
 Netherlands 2-2 Australia
 3-3:  Australia win 2-1 on away goals

Goalscorers

3 goals
 Renato Buso

2 goals

 Peter Møller
 Miklos Molnar
 Gerry Creaney 
 Pascal Simpson

1 goal

 Radim Nečas
 Per Frandsen
 Peter Frank
 Heiko Herrlich
 Markus Kranz
 Nils Schmäler
 Mehmet Scholl

 Mauro Bertarelli
 Luca Luzardi
 Alessandro Melli
 Roberto Muzzi
 Gianluca Sordo
 Robert Roest
 Gaston Taument

 Andrzej Juskowiak
 Paul Lambert
 Ray McKinnon
 Alex Rae
 Christer Fursth
 Jonny Rödlund

Own goal
 Martin Kotůlek (playing against Italy)

References

External links 
 Results Archive at uefa.com
 RSSSF Results Archive ''at rsssf.com

Category:UEFA European Under-21 Championship

Leading role of Communist Party 
In 1936, for the first time a Soviet constitution specifically mentioned the role of the Communist Party.
Article 126 stated that the Party was the "vanguard of the working people in their struggle to strengthen and develop the socialist system and representing the leading core of all organizations of the working people, both public and state". This provision was used to justify banning all other parties from functioning in the Soviet Union.

Soviet portrayal and liberal criticism 
The constitution enumerated economic rights not included in constitutions in the Western democracies. The constitution was presented as a personal triumph for Stalin, who on this occasion was described by Pravda as "genius of the new world, the wisest man of the epoch, the great leader of communism". However, historians have seen the constitution as a propaganda document. Leonard Schapiro, for example, writes: "The decision to alter the electoral system from indirect to direct election, from a limited to a universal franchise, and from open to secret voting, was a measure of the confidence of the party in its ability to ensure the return of candidates of its own choice without the restrictions formerly considered necessary"; and that "a careful scrutiny of the draft of the new constitution showed that it left the party's supreme position unimpaired, and was therefore worthless as a guarantee of individual rights". Isaac Deutscher called it "a veil of liberal phrases and premises over the guillotine in the background". Hannah Arendt observed that it was hailed as the ending of the Soviet Union's "revolutionary period", but was immediately followed by the country's most intense purges in its history, the Great Terror in which many of the constitution's organizers and draftees—such as Yakov Yakovlev, Aleksei Stetskii, Boris Markovich Tal', Vlas Chubar, Karl Radek, Nikolai Bukharin, and Ivan Akulov—were imprisoned or murdered shortly after their work was complete on charges of being counterrevolutionary.

Freedom of religion 
Article 124 of the constitution guaranteed freedom of religion, the inclusion of which was opposed by large segments of the Communist Party. The article resulted in members of the Russian Orthodox Church petitioning to reopen closed churches, gain access to jobs that had been closed to them as religious figures and the attempt to run religious candidates in the 1937 elections.

Freedom of speech 
Article 125 of the constitution guaranteed freedom of speech of the press

Buaran River (Kali Buaran) is a river flowing in the Bekasi, West Java and eastern part of the Special Capital Region of Jakarta, Indonesia. The lower portions of the original river have been channelized and directed into the eastern flood canal, "Banjir Kanal Timur", which continues to flow to the Java Sea in the district of Marunda, Cilincing, North Jakarta. The river regularly causes flooding in the city of Bekasi and Jakarta.

History
Buaran and the other two nearby rivers: Cakung dan Jatikramat, flow from Bekasi and interconnect until draining into the Jakarta Bay in the district of Marunda through Cakung Drain and currently through Banjir Kanal Timur. In the past, the three rivers supplied water for drinking and agriculture in the area.

Since 1966, based on the information of the river authority (Balai Besar Wilayah Sungai Citarum; www.bbwscitarum.com), Buaran was one of the four rivers passed by Tarum Barat Canal or known as "Kalimalang". Buaran and Jatikramat lie about 5 meter beneath Kalimalang. This canal cross east-westward through a specially built bridge above the stream of Buaran and Jatikramat.

By 1990 the people could still swim or bath in Buaran River. Entering 1993 the rice field area around housing diminished, transformed into buildings, especially since the construction of fly-over connecting Radjiman Street and Radin Inten II Street. The fly-over connects the area of Duren Sawit and Pulogadung. Due to the proximity to industrial area of Pulogadung, the houses in Kampung Warudoyong multiplied. Semi-permanent buildings were growing along the river banks. Since then, the river became dirty and dark.

The river often causes flooding to the surrounding area. A research by Pieter J Kunu and H Lelolterry of the Pattimura University, Ambon, showed that the development of the city changed 85% land of Jakarta to be waterproof, unable to absorb surface water and resulted in regular floods. One of the solutions was by constructing a flood-control canal, Banjir Kanal Timur. The flow of Cakung, Buaran, Jati Kramat, Sunter, and Cipinang rivers

Nageia nagi

Nageia nagi, the Asian bayberry, is plant species in the family Podocarpaceae named by Carl Peter Thunberg. Nageia nagi is native to China, Japan, and Taiwan. It was formerly called Podocarpus nagi.

Description

Nageia nagi is a hardy tree species that can withstand a range of weather conditions, but it prefers moist sites that are well drained and with full sunlight to light shade. Being from the family Podocarpaceae, it is a dioecious tree, that is, the male and female parts of the trees are on separate plants. The pollen cones are catkins and the female cones, which mature in one year, are reduced fleshy bracts that contain a single inverted ovule. It requires wind for pollination; it cannot self-pollinate.

The trees range from fifteen to twenty meters in height and are relatively slow growing. The leaves are lanceolate in shape, and are arranged sub opposite on the branches. Leaves range from two to eight inches long and 0.75 to 2.5 inches wide and lack a mid-vein.  The new leaves are a light green and as they age they become dark green and glossy. The branches also start out as green but as they age they become reddish brown and peel in small layers.

Nageia nagi can be propagated by cuttings or by seed. It is best to plant the seed in a warm greenhouse and sandy soil. For their permanent position, they should be planted in late spring or early summer after the last frost.

The species is threatened by habitat loss.

Uses
Houses, bridges, utensils, handiwork and furniture are constructed from the wood. The seeds yield an oil that is edible and valued in industry. Young leaves are sometimes cooked and eaten. Its bark exhibits strong antibacterial effect.

See also
Sacred Nagi Tree of Kumano Hayatama Taisha

References 

 Conifer Specialist Group 1998.  Nageia nagi.   2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.   Downloaded on 10 July 2007.

External links

 Parmar, C. and M.K. Kaushal. 1982. Myrica nagi. p. 49–53. 13 Myrica nagi Thunb. In: Wild Fruits. K

 Vighnesh Nagarajan as Shamen
 Mark Saravana as Anba
 Kathiravan 
 Shafinah Banu as Seema
 Rupini as Pooja
  Dhivyha raveen as Chandralekha
 Meshanthe as Yazhini
 Sharon Roosevelt as Mithra
 Janani as Tharani
 Nagarubini
 S. Nivaashiyni as Madhu
 Harnitha as Nisha
 V. Punithan
 L. Dhurga
 Annetha Ayyavoo as Tina
 Kishore as Ruben
 Khomala Lea
 Jaya Shree
 Bachant kaur
 Douglas Rabinaico
 Vinod
 Gowri
 Sathish
 Surivelan
 Sowpakivathy
 Tamaishree
 Suthasini 
 Suruvelan
 Suganiah
 Srinivasan
 Balakrishna
 Haarivanan
 Ashvari
 Ashwin
D Surya

Production
The drama was written and directed by R. Venga, screenplay by R. Venga and MD. Amin B MD Ali, Dialogue by MD. Amin BMD Ali and producer by Shamini Maderan and Assistant producer by Matthew Petra, Sharenya Devarajan and Moniykka Pushpanathan.

Original soundtrack

Title song
It was written by lyricist Soundarajan, composed Shabir  sung by Shabir and Maria Roe Vincent with the right feel which touched people. The background score was composed by Vicknesh Saravanan.

Soundtrack

Broadcast
Series was released on April 3, 2017 on Mediacorp Vasantham. It aired in Singapore and Malaysia on Mediacorp Vasantham, Its full length episodes and released its episodes on their app Toggle, a live TV feature was introduced on Toggle with English and Tamil Subtitle.

References

External links 
 Vasantham Official Website Toggle
 Vasantham Facebook Facebook
 Yaar? Serial Episodes Toggle

Category:Vasantham (TV channel)
Category:Tamil-language television soap operas
Category:Tamil thriller television series
Category:Singapore Tamil dramas
Category:2010s Tamil-language television series
Category:2017 Tamil-language television series debuts


Shane Walker oversaw production & distribution. Walker was also the brainchild of the first national collegiate news show anchoreed at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism. OSTN News content was available via the Associated Press worldwide network of online video distribution.

History of OSTN 

In the fall of 2004, a group of student television station General Managers and senior managers met in Cleveland, Ohio, to discuss the problem facing student television stations: attempting to program and manage a 24/7 television schedule on a limited budget and with limited production resources.  Assisted by technology staff from Case Western Reserve University, the students reached a consensus on the need for a national student television network, in order to facilitate sharing and distribution of student content on a worldwide basis.  Students representing three television stations were present at this initial meeting: Ohio State's Buckeye TV,  Carnegie Mellon University, and Case Western Reserve University's IgniteTV, in addition to several members of Case Western Reserve. 

Shane Walker, who was running The University Network (TUN) at Ball State University, was offered a merger with OSTN and took over as Head of Production & Distribution. 

Over the next several years Walker grew the network to over 600 member schools and signed them on to carry the network on both campus cable systems as well as via IPTV deployments on college and university web pages.  In the fall of 2007 an enterprise-level broadcast scheduling solution was implemented, allowing OSTN to schedule particular shows and series for the first time.

OSTN Distribution 
OSTN utilizes a non-traditional method of content and signal distribution, the Internet2 high speed academic network.  Whereas a traditional television network sends its programming to affiliates via satellite feeds, OSTN uses a high bandwidth connection via the Internet2 network to directly feed affiliates via standard LAN/WAN connections.  Rather than require student television affiliates to purchase and maintain costly microwave, satellite, or dedicated fibre-optic transmission equipment, OSTN allows student stations and member institutions to receive the OSTN channel via existing high-speed IP-based network equipment.

The OSTN stream was initially a 1.6 megabit Windows Media stream, available live 24/7 over Internet2 to all member institutions.  Windows Media encoding permitted a true NTSC quality stream of video to be transmitted at a relatively low bitrate.  However, the WMV version of OSTN suffered from

Roanoke River

The Roanoke River () is a river in southern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina in the United States,  long. A major river of the southeastern United States, it drains a largely rural area of the coastal plain from the eastern edge of the Appalachian Mountains southeast across the Piedmont to Albemarle Sound. An important river throughout the history of the United States, it was the site of early settlement in the Virginia Colony and the Carolina Colony. An  section of its lower course in Virginia between the Leesville Lake and Kerr Lake is known as the Staunton River, pronounced , as is the Shenandoah Valley city of that name. It is impounded along much of its middle course to form a chain of reservoirs.

Staunton River is also the name of the northern political district of Pittsylvania County, Virginia, where a large section of the river serves as the boundary between Campbell County, Virginia (to the north) and Pittsylvania County (to the south).

Description
The river has its headwaters in the Blue Ridge Mountains in southwestern Virginia at Lafayette in Montgomery County where the North Fork and South Fork of the river merge. The North Fork, approximately  long, rises between two mountain ridges and flows initially southwest, then loops back to the northeast. The South Fork, approximately  long, rises in several streams in the mountains on the border of Floyd, Roanoke, and Montgomery counties and flows generally north, joining the North Fork from the south.

The combined stream flows northeast between mountain ridges through the Roanoke Valley, approximately  to Salem, then east through the city of Roanoke, emerging from a gorge in the Blue Ridge Mountains southeast of Roanoke and forming the boundary between Franklin and Bedford counties. The river flows generally east-southeast across the Piedmont of southern Virginia and enters northeastern North Carolina, passing north of Roanoke Rapids at the fall line. The river flows southeast in a zigzag course across the coastal plain through the Roanoke River National Wildlife Refuge and then briefly turns north as it enters Batchelor Bay on the western end Albemarle Sound.

The river is impounded in six locations. The first is the Niagara Dam just south of the City of Roanoke in Roanoke County adjacent to the town of Vinton. It was constructed in 1906 to supply power for the Roanoke

Government efforts to lower subsidies to unprofitable enterprises and to shrink the money supply caused the semi-official exchange rate for the Cuban peso to move from a peak of 120 to the dollar in the summer of 1994 to 21 to the dollar by year-end 1999. The drop in GDP apparently halted in 1994, when Cuba reported 0.7% growth, followed by increases of 2.5% in 1995 and 7.8% in 1996. Growth slowed again in 1997 and 1998 to 2.5% and 1.2% respectively. One of the key reasons given was the failure to notice that sugar production had become uneconomic. Reflecting on the Special period Cuban president Fidel Castro later admitted that many mistakes had been made, "The country had many economists and it is not my intention to criticize them, but I would like to ask why we hadn’t discovered earlier that maintaining our levels of sugar production would be impossible. The Soviet Union had collapsed, oil was costing $40 a barrel, sugar prices were at basement levels, so why did we not rationalize the industry?" Living conditions in 1999 remained well below the 1989 level.

Recovery

Due to the continued growth of tourism, growth began in 1999 with a 6.2% increase in GDP. Growth then picked up, with a growth in GDP of 11.8% in 2005 according to government figures. In 2007 the Cuban economy grew by 7.5%, higher than the Latin American average. Accordingly, the cumulative growth in GDP since 2004 stood at 42.5%.

However, from 1996, the State started to impose income taxes on self-employed Cubans.
Cuba ranked third in the region in 1958 in GDP per capita, surpassed only by Venezuela and Uruguay. It had descended to 9th, 11th or 12th place in the region by 2007. Cuban social indicators suffered less.

Every year the United Nations holds a vote asking countries to choose if the United States is justified in their economic embargo against Cuba and whether it should be lifted. 2016 was the first year that the United States abstained from the vote, rather than voting no, "since 1992 the US and Israel have constantly voted against the resolution – occasionally supported by the Marshall Islands, Palau, Uzbekistan, Albania and Romania".

Post-Fidel reforms 

In 2011, "The new economic reforms were introduced, effectively creating a new economic system, referred by some as the "New Cuban Economy" Since then, over

Terrestrial
Black, Alabama, a town, United States
Black, Illinois, an unincorporated community, United States
Black, Missouri, an unincorporated community, United States
Black, West Virginia, an unincorporated community, United States
Black Glacier, Victoria Land, Antarctica
Black Head (disambiguation)
Black Hill (disambiguation)
Black Island (disambiguation)
Black Lake (disambiguation)
Black Mountain (disambiguation)
Black Mountains (disambiguation)
Black Peak (disambiguation)
Black River (disambiguation)
Black Town, another name for George Town, in India
Black Township (disambiguation)
Black Volcano, an inactive volcano near Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States
The Black-E, a community arts centre in Liverpool, England

Art and entertainment

Film and television
Black (2004 film), a Malayalam film directed by Ranjith Balakrishnan
Black (2005 film), a Hindi film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali
Black (2008 film), a French heist film directed Pierre Laffargue
Black (2015 Belgian film), a Belgian crime film by Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah
Black (2015 Bengali film), a Bengali film directed by Raja Chanda
Black (TV series), a 2017 South Korean TV series

Games
Black (video game), a 2006 first-person shooter
Pokémon Black and White, 2011 video games for the Nintendo DS
Twisted Metal: Black, a 2001 vehicle combat video game
White and Black in chess

Literature
Black (novel), a novel in the Circle Trilogy by Ted Dekker
Black (play), a play by Joyce Carol Oates

Music
Black (event), a Dutch hardstyle event
Black (video), a live performance video by Psychic TV
Black (Bangladeshi band), a Bangladeshi rock band
The Black (American band), an American rock band

Albums
Black (band Black album), 2011
Black (Dierks Bentley album), 2016
Black (Lita Ford album), 1994
Black (Lee Hyori album), 2017
Black (singer Black album), 1987
The Black (album), by Asking Alexandria
The Black (EP), by William Control

Songs
"Black" (Dierks Bentley song)
"Black" (Pearl Jam song)
"Black" (

The third USS Frolic was a United States Navy patrol yacht in commission in 1898, from 1900 to 1906, and from 1906 to 1907. She served briefly during the Spanish–American War.

Construction, acquisition, and commissioning
Frolic was built for H. M. Hanna in 1892 by Globe Iron Works at Cleveland, Ohio, yard number 46, as the private yacht Comanche, official number 126888. The U.S. Navy purchased her on 28 May 1898 for service during the Spanish–American War and commissioned her as USS Frolic on 6 July 1898 with Commander E. H. Gheen in command.

Service history

Spanish–American War
Frolic departed Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on 23 July 1898 with mail for ships of the North Atlantic Station on Spanish–American War duty off Cuba and Puerto Rico. The war ended in August 1898 while she was performing these duties. She arrived at Norfolk Navy Yard at Portsmouth, Virginia, on 17 September, and was decommissioned there on 27 September.

Post-war
Frolic was recommissioned on 25 October 1900. Assigned to the Asiatic Station, she cleared Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 30 December bound for the Mediterranean Sea, the Suez Canal, and finally Cavite on Luzon in the Philippine Islands, where she arrived on 24 April 1901.

Cooperating with the United States Army in the Philippine–American War, Frolic patrolled the southern Philippines, serving primarily off Samar. Several times during the next year, she aided ships in distress, and from October 1902 made hydrographic surveys. She performed a variety of other duties in establishing American control in the Philippines, including investigation of possible telegraph sites and transport duty.

In February 1904, Frolic added patrols and target practice in Chinese waters to her operating schedule at intervals.

Frolic was decommissioned on 31 March 1906. After repairs, was placed in reduced commission on 19 December 1906 for service as a yard craft at Cavite.

Frolic was decommissioned for the last time on 31 July 1907.

Final disposition
On 21 May 1909, Frolic was transferred to the United States Department of War for U.S. Army service in the Philippines.

References

 
 Department of the Navy: Naval Historical Center Online Library of Selected Images: U.S. Navy Ships: USS Frolic (1898–1909)

la Loggia vecchia casa della città, destinata per i negozi pubblici dell'Università, e dove si convocava il pubblico consiglio per gli affari dello stato, di bellissima architettura, con vari archi e porte nel mezzo degli archi, sostenute da pilastri intagliati d'ordine dorico e ionico.
(That is: the Loggia which was the old Town Hall, intended for the public business of University, and where the Council held its meetings, of beautiful architecture, with several arches and doors in the middle of them, sustained by carved pillars of Doric and Ionian order.)

The façade is quite rich and imposing, with a high pedestal in shiny travertine  and lesenes ending with fluted corbels;  the main door is located in Corso 6 Aprile: there is a round arch made with ashlars. In addition, in via Barone san Giuseppe there are four entrances on the ground floor and three balconies with stone galleries. In the Corso there is also a big balcony with wrought iron and three entries.

See also 
 Ex Jesuits' College
 Jesuits
 Ignazio De Blasi

References

Sources 
 Roberto Calia: I Palazzi dell'aristocrazia e della borghesia alcamese; Alcamo, Carrubba, 1997
 Ignazio De Blasi: Discorso storico della opulenta città di Alcamo situata a piè del Monte Bonifato e dell'antichissima cittù di Longarico; trascrizione del manoscritto originale e realizzazione di Lorenzo Asta; Alcamo, 1989
 Carlo Cataldo: Guida storico-artistica dei beni culturali di Alcamo, Calatafimi, Castellammare del Golfo, Salemi e Vita, Sarograf-Alcamo (1982)
 P.M. Rocca: Di alcuni antichi edifici di Alcamo; Palermo, tip. Castellana-Di Stefano, 1905
 Francesco Maria Mirabella: Alcamensia noterelle storiche con appendice di Documenti inediti; Alcamo, ed. Sarograf, 1931

After the communist government was overthrown in August 1919, conservative authoritarians under the leadership of Admiral Miklós Horthy took control of the nation. Many Hungarian military officers took part in the counter-reprisals known as the White Terror – parts of that violence was directed at Jews, simply because they were Jewish. Although the White Guard was officially suppressed, many of its most prevalent members went underground and formed the core membership of a spreading nationalist and anti-Jewish movement.

During the 1930s, the Arrow Cross gradually began to dominate Budapest's working class district, defeating the Social Democrats. The Social Democrats did not really contest elections effectively; they had to make a pact with the conservative Horthy regime in order to prevent the abolition of their party. The Arrow Cross party recruited as well from the poorest and anti-social parts of society, the social groups which at that time in Hungary was often called "scum" or "trash", i.e unemployed alcoholics, ex-convicts, prisoners, rapists, the uneducated, etc. Many of these anti-social members later committed some of the most brutal crimes against Jews, intellectuals, socialists and other civilians.

The Arrow Cross subscribed to the Nazi ideology of "master races", which, in Szálasi's view, included the Hungarians and Germans, and also supported the concept of an order based on the power of the strongest – what Szálasi called a "brutally realistic étatism". But its espousal of territorial claims under the banner of a "Greater Hungary" and Hungarian values (which Szálasi labelled "Hungarizmus" or "Hungarianism") clashed with Nazi ambitions in central Europe, delaying by several years Hitler's endorsement of that party.

The German Foreign Office instead endorsed the pro-German Hungarian National Socialist Party, which had some support among German minorities. Before World War II, the Arrow Cross were not proponents of the racial antisemitism of the Nazis, but utilised traditional stereotypes and prejudices to gain votes among voters both in Budapest and the countryside. Nonetheless the constant bickering among these diverse fascist groups prevented the Arrow Cross Party from gaining even more support and power.

The Arrow Cross obtained most of its support from a disparate coalition of military officers, soldiers, nationalists and agricultural workers. It was only one of a number of similar openly fascist factions in Hungary but was by far the most prominent, having developed an effective system of recruitment

Francis James Furey

Francis James Furey (February 22, 1905 – April 23, 1979) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of San Diego, California (1966-1969) and as Archbishop of San Antonio, Texas (1969-1979).

Biography
The eldest of five children, Francis Furey was born in Summit Hill, Pennsylvania, to John and Anna (née O'Donnell) Furey. After attending public schools in Coaldale, he graduated from St. Mary's High School in 1920 as valedictorian. He attended St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in Overbrook for four years before continuing his studies in Rome at the Pontifical Roman Seminary, from where he received a Ph.D. (1926) and a S.T.D. (1930). He was ordained to the priesthood by Cardinal Basilio Pompili on March 15, 1930.

Following his return to Pennsylvania, he served as private secretary to Cardinal Dennis Joseph Dougherty, the Archbishop of Philadelphia, from 1930 to 1936. He was president of Immaculata College (1936–46) and rector of St. Charles Borromeo Seminary (1946–58). He was named a Domestic Prelate in 1947. Returning from academia, he became pastor of St. Helena's Church in Philadelphia in 1958.

On August 17, 1960, Furey was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Philadelphia and Titular Bishop of Temnus by Pope John XXIII. He received his episcopal consecration on the following December 22 from Archbishop Egidio Vagnozzi, with Bishops Joseph Mark McShea and Joseph Carroll McCormick serving as co-consecrators. Furey was named Coadjutor Bishop of San Diego, California, on July 21, 1963. His transfer to California was the first U.S. appointment for the Latin Rite by the newly elected Pope Paul VI. Upon the death of Bishop Charles F. Buddy, Furey succeeded him as the second Bishop of San Diego on March 5, 1966. He was member of the administrative tribunal of the Second Vatican Council.

On May 23, 1969, Furey was appointed the third Archbishop of San Antonio, Texas, in succession to Archbishop Robert Emmet Lucey. He established one of the first diocesan commissions for Mexican American affairs in the United States, and

By 1910, Graber had developed his own rope-propelled contraption for grading the olives by size. At the same time, he began canning them. A decade later, seeking to expand his operations, he planted his trademark Manzanilla olive trees in Hemet also. In 1934, Graber enlarged his cannery on the Ontario site. Nine years later, their sons, Robert and William, took over the business, although Cliff remained active until his death in 1955 at age 83. 

By 1963, Robert ("Bob") Graber, who was born in the wood-frame family home on the Graber Olives property in Ontario, had become sole proprietor of the business. Bob Graber and his wife, Betty, continued to work in the family business along with their son, Cliff, who now lives in the family home. At that time, Bob Graber moved the growing operation to 75 acres of olive groves in the San Joaquin Valley, near Porterville, where it remains.

It is from Porterville that the harvested olives are trucked south to Ontario during the harvest season, which lasts about two months each fall, for canning.

Operations
The business boasts that their olives are unique because they are tree-ripened before they are picked, according to Flo Duncan, personnel director for Graber Olive House. Duncan also notes that the business is not computerized.

Once the olives arrive at the Ontario site, the olives are graded by size, then cured in one of 550 concrete vats for three weeks. Water and salt solutions are changed daily. After they are removed from the vats, the olives are fed through a filling wheel, where employees scoop them by hand into aluminum cans running on a conveyor belt. 

A "Panama paddle packer" machine creates a 200-degree steam bath as cans are sealed tight with aluminum lids. Then giant pressure cookers, called retorts, pressurize the cans and their contents for 62 minutes at 242 degrees fahrenheit. After the cans cool, a labeling machine applies their identifications and sizes, from the smallest (size 12) to the largest (size 16).

In a little more than three weeks, Graber Olives progress from tree to can. In a good season, the business processes approximately 150 tons of olives, which they ship to markets, gourmet stores, and customers around the world, according to Duncan.

References
Sch

Education
Rivara earned his doctor of medicine in 1974 from the University of Pennsylvania. In 1980, he completed a master's in public health at the University of Washington.

Career
Rivara's career spans 30 years. His research has covered topics such as alcohol abuse and domestic violence, and he has been a vocal advocate for the use of bicycle helmets to reduce injury. Rivara says that his work has helped to drastically reduce the number of children who are injured while riding bikes. He founded the Harborview Injury and Research Center in Seattle and the International Society for Child and Adolescent Injury Prevention. At the University of Washington, Rivara is vice chair of the Department of Pediatrics in the School of Medicine and chief of the Division of General Pediatrics and. Rivara is also editor-in-chief of the journal JAMA Pediatrics.

Gun violence research
In the 1990s, Rivara received funding from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to research the relationship between gun ownership and gun violence. His research found that the chances of homicide or suicide increase threefold when there is a gun present in a home, while the risk of suicide for teens increases as much as tenfold. Rivara and his colleagues published their research in the New England Journal of Medicine in 1993 in a series of articles on their findings.

“[Our research] underwent peer review and was thought to be very solid and worthwhile research,” Rivara told PRI program The Takeaway in a 2015 interview. “The CDC stood by our research—they had funded it and they stood by it. Unfortunately, it raised the attention of the National Rifle Association, who then worked with pro-gun members of Congress to essentially stop funding firearm research.”

The NRA then lobbied Congress, saying that since guns aren't a disease, CDC funds should not be allocated to them. A bill passed that prevented the CDC from setting aside funds for gun research.

Awards
Some awards Rivara has received include:
Charles C. Shepard Science Award from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
Injury Control and Emergency Health Services Section Distinguished Career Award 
American Academy of Pediatrics, Section on Injury and Poison Prevention, Physician Achievement Award
UW School of Public Health Distinguished Alumni Award

References 

Category:American pediatricians
Category:Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Category:University of Washington School of Public Health alumni
Category:University of

Career
Born in Mérida, Páez started his senior career playing in lowly club Academia Emeritense. In 2009, he had a short spell with Peruvian Alianza Lima before returning to his home country to play with Zamora FC, in Venezuelan Primera División.

In January 2010 Páez signed with NK Interblock Ljubljana playing in the Slovenian First League; despite being regular at the side, he suffered team relegation at the end of the season. In September 2010 he went to Italy to play for Serie D side A.S. Union Quinto.

In August 2011 Páez moved to Spain, signing with RCD Mallorca and being assigned to the reserves in Segunda División B. After appearing with the Balearics for two seasons, he joined ACD Lara.

On 31 January 2017, it was announced that Paez will sign for South African club Kaizer Chiefs F.C..

National team
Gustavo Páez was part of the Venezuelan team at the 2007 South American Under 17 Football Championship.

References

External sources
 Stats from Slovenia at PrvaLiga.
 

Category:Living people
Category:1990 births
Category:Venezuelan footballers
Category:Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Category:Association football forwards
Category:Alianza Lima footballers
Category:Zamora FC players
Category:NK Interblock players
Category:RCD Mallorca B players
Category:Asociación Civil Deportivo Lara players
Category:Deportivo La Guaira players
Category:A.C.R. Messina players
Category:Estudiantes de Mérida players
Category:Kaizer Chiefs F.C. players
Category:Atlético Venezuela players
Category:Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Category:Segunda División B players
Category:Venezuelan Primera División players
Category:Serie C players
Category:South African Premier Division players
Category:Expatriate footballers in Peru
Category:Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Category:Expatriate footballers in Italy
Category:Expatriate footballers in Spain
Category:Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Category:Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Peru
Category:Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Category:Venezuelan expatriate

The game's plot is based very loosely on that of The Castle of Cagliostro, and follows Cliff (Arsène Lupin III) as he attempts to rescue Clarissa (Lady Clarisse d'Cagliostro) from the evil Count Draco (in some materials called "Dreyco" and in the instruction manual "Dragoe"), who wants to marry her. Cliff is aided in his quest by Jeff (Daisuke Jigen) and Samurai (Goemon Ishikawa XIII).

The original version of Cliff Hanger features an animated sequence of Cliff being hanged at the gallows immediately following the "miss" animation sequence. The sequence was taken from the opening sequence of The Mystery of Mamo (where Lupin was supposedly hanged in Transylvania), plus a later scene in the same film.  According to the instruction manual, a setting on the game cabinet's logic board would allow the individual owners/operators the option of not playing the sequence if they so chose.  The game was originally edited at Associated Audio Visual, Inc., in Evanston, Illinois.  Jack Bornoff, was the editor, Paul Rubenstein, was editorial supervisor.

Cliff Hanger was released as the novelty of laserdisc games waned, thus many cabinets were destroyed or converted over time. Unlike other laserdisc arcade games, Cliff Hanger can work perfectly on MAME as well as DAPHNE, a laserdisc-game emulator.

The game was considered for inclusion on the American Blu-ray release of The Castle of Cagliostro by Discotek Media, however, due to an inability to find the original contracts for the game, it was left off the release.

Goofs 

The voices were overdubbed mainly in English. However, when "Cliff" finally reaches "Clarissa's" chamber, the player can clearly hear Yasuo Yamada's voice saying "Kurarissu?" ("Clarisse?") from the original vocal track of Castle of Cagliostro. The American voice actor then says "I think we'd better get out of here" before one other missed overdub can be clearly heard: the Count (Taro Ishida) from the original film saying "ute" ("fire"). Also, several soundbits of Yamada can be heard when Cliff and the Count are fighting on one of the rotating gears, and Cliff says "Kurariss

Queen Hyoui did not bear King Jeongjo any children, but she adopted the sons of two of her husband's concubines, Royal Noble Consort Ui and Royal Noble Consort Su, as her own.  The son of Royal Noble Consort Ui died young, but the son of Royal Noble Consort Su would eventually succeed King Jeongjo on the throne as King Sunjo.

Queen Hyoui outlived her husband, who died in 1800, by 21 years.  She died at Jagyeong Hall, Changgyeong Palace, Hanseong, on the ninth day of the third month in the twenty-first year of King Sunjo's reign.

Family
Great-Great-Great-Great-Grandfather
Kim Yuk (Hangul: 김육, Hanja: 金堉) (1580 – September 1658)
Great-Great-Great-Great-Grandmother
Lady Yun of the Papyeong Yun clan (Hangul: 파평 윤씨, Hanja: 坡平 尹氏), daughter of Yun Geub-ui (Hangul: 윤급의)
Great-Great-Great-Grandfather
Kim U-myeong (Hangul: 김우명, Hanja: 金佑明) (1619–1675), formally Internal Prince Cheongpung (Hangul: 청풍부원군, Hanja: 淸風府院君)
Great-Great-Great-Grandmother
Lady Seong (Hangul: 송씨, Hanja: 宋氏), formally Internal Princess Consort Deokeun (Hangul: 덕은부부인, Hanja: 德恩府夫人)
Great-Great-Grandfather
Kim Seok-yeon (Hangul: 김석연, Hanja: 金錫衍) (1648–1723), younger brother of Queen Myeongseong (Queen Consort to King Hyeonjong
Great-Great-Grandmother
Lady Lee of the Jeonju Lee clan (Hangul: 전주 이씨, Hanja

Ideal English School in Furus, India is an institution of higher education. It was established in 1981. It offers education in English.

Location
The college is located in the Academic Arena of Furus on the Furus-Poynar-Pisai road categorised under Other District Roads. The length of road is around seven kilometres. This road leads to Poynar Dam via Falsonda then Pisai and then connects to Mandangad Road. This road is a short route via Ambet to Mumbai. This road is a tar road now and was constructed under the Employment Guarantee Scheme by the Government of Maharashtra. This road was first constructed with the help of locally available raw materials under the initiative of the then Sarpanch of Furus Garam Panchayat, Mr. Kamaluddin from Falsonda. Some anti-progress people then lay down on the road to stop it from being constructed. This visionary Sarpanch then stopped that part of the job and started digging in another area. This was how this road was finally completed which now plays a vital role in connecting Furus to the surrounding areas.

History 
The College was founded in 1981 by the Child Welfare Society dominated by Muslim women under the guidance and physical support of Professor Shams Parkar and the financial support of others as an unaided kindergarten controlled by Singal Teacher Mr. Sabir Ali from Pune. This was followed each year by the construction of one extra class in a rented facility until it reached Standard Seven. Later on the society constructed its own building on land donated by a family locally known as Koske by raising funds through donations and charity shows. The School grew further to Secondary School Certificate level and later started as a Junior College of Commerce. Beginning in the academic year of June, 2010, the College has started F.Y.B.Com and further developments will be done to degree level in years 2011 and 2012. This social cause is supported by generous Donors such as resident and non-resident Furusians. One donor is Mr. Rahim Dawood Parkar, a banking professional in Bagrain and a social worker of Furus Child Welfare Society.

Campus politics 
Campus life is relatively free from the activism seen at most other Indian educational institutions. Co-Education is provided for boys and girls of all local and surrounding communities irrespective of their religion, caste, race, colour and economic or social status. All are treated equally as children of

In abstract algebra, a chief series is a maximal normal series for a group.

It is similar to a composition series, though the two concepts are distinct in general: a chief series is a maximal normal series, while a composition series is a maximal subnormal series.

Chief series can be thought of as breaking the group down into less complicated pieces, which may be used to characterize various qualities of the group.

Definition 
A chief series is a maximal normal series for a group. Equivalently, a chief series is a composition series of the group G under the action of inner automorphisms.

In detail, if G is a group, then a chief series of G is a finite collection of normal subgroups Ni ⊆ G,

such that each quotient group Ni+1/Ni, for i = 1, 2,..., n − 1, is a minimal normal subgroup of G/Ni. Equivalently, there does not exist any subgroup A normal in G such that Ni < A < Ni+1 for any i. In other words, a chief series may be thought of as "full" in the sense that no normal subgroup of G may be added to it.

The factor groups Ni+1/Ni in a chief series are called the chief factors of the series. Unlike composition factors, chief factors are not necessarily simple. That is, there may exist a subgroup A normal in Ni+1 with Ni < A < Ni+1, but A is not normal in G. However, the chief factors are always characteristically simple, that is, they have no proper nontrivial characteristic subgroups. In particular, a finite chief factor is a direct product of isomorphic simple groups.

Properties

Existence
Finite groups always have a chief series, though infinite groups need not have a chief series. For example, the group of integers Z with addition as the operation does not have a chief series. To see this, note Z is cyclic and abelian, and so all of its subgroups are normal and cyclic as well. Supposing there exists a chief series Ni leads to an immediate contradiction: N1 is cyclic and thus is generated by some integer a, however the subgroup generated by 2a is a nontrivial normal subgroup properly contained in N1, contradicting the definition of a chief series.

Uniqueness
When a chief series for a group exists, it is generally not unique. However, a form of the Jordan–Hölder theorem states

Column (formation)

A military column is a formation of soldiers marching together in one or more files in which the file is significantly longer than the width of ranks in the formation. The column formation allowed the unit rapid movement and a very effective charge (due to weight of numbers), and it could quickly form square to resist cavalry attacks, but by its nature only a fraction of its muskets would be able to open fire.
 
The line formation offered a substantially larger musket frontage than the column, allowing for greater shooting capability, but required extensive training to allow the unit to move over ground as one while retaining the line. 

It is also applied by modern armies to vehicles, troops and naval vessels.

Napoleonic Wars
During the early stages of the French Revolutionary Wars, battalions in French armies often attacked in column formation in an attempt to drive through enemy lines by sheer weight of numbers. Against enemy units already weakened by the fire from skirmishers or artillery, this was often successful. Later, during the Napoleonic Wars, French units would approach in column formation and deploy into line when close to the enemy. However, against the British they frequently failed to deploy into line before being engaged. During the Peninsular War, after the Battle of Sabugal (3 April 1811), the Duke of Wellington wrote, "our loss is much less than one would have supposed possible, scarcely 200 men... really these attacks against our lines with columns of men are contemptible."  These failings were still evident at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815,  prompting Wellington to comment, "They came on in the same old way and we defeated them in the same old way." 

The military historian James R. Arnold argues that all armies of the period used column formations at times on the battlefield; the military historian Sir Charles Oman is credited with developing the theory that the French practically always attacked in heavy columns, and it is only now that this alleged error, propagated by other British and American authors, is being repudiated.

Column of companies
During the Peninsular War, British riflemen of Craufurd's Light Division marching to engage the enemy but uncertain of the presence of enemy cavalrymen in the area could adopt a formation called "column of companies."  Each company would form into two ranks of about thirty files and march close to the company in front. If attacked by cavalry, they could easily bunch up, forming a schiltron of bayonets

John Roddam Spencer Stanhope

John Roddam Spencer Stanhope (20 January 1829 — 2 August 1908) is an English artist associated with Edward Burne-Jones and George Frederic Watts and often regarded as a second-wave pre-Raphaelite. His work is also studied within the context of Aestheticism and British Symbolism. As a painter, Stanhope worked in oil, watercolor, fresco, and mixed media. His subject matter was mythological, allegorical, biblical, and contemporary. Stanhope was born in Yorkshire, England, and died in Florence, Italy. He was the uncle and teacher of the painter Evelyn De Morgan.

Life and career
Stanhope was the son of John Spencer Stanhope of Horsforth and Cannon Hall, a classical antiquarian who in his youth explored Greece. The artist’s mother was Elizabeth Wilhemina Coke, third and youngest daughter of Thomas William Coke of Norfolk, first Earl of Leicester; she and her sisters had studied art with Thomas Gainsborough. Stanhope had one older brother, Walter, who inherited Cannon Hall, and four sisters, Anna Maria Wilhelmina, Eliza Anne, Anne Alicia, and Louisa Elizabeth. Anna married Percival Pickering and became the mother of Evelyn.

Not inheriting the family estates left Stanhope free to make a commitment to art. While a student at Oxford, he sought out Watts as a teacher and was Watts’ assistant for some of his architectural paintings. Spencer-Stanhope traveled with Watts to Italy in 1853 and to Asia Minor in 1856–57. Upon his return, he was invited by Dante Gabriel Rossetti to participate in the Oxford murals project, painting Sir Gawaine and the Damsels.

On 10 January 1859 he married Elizabeth King, the daughter of John James King, granddaughter of the third Earl of Egremont, and the widow of George Frederick Dawson. They settled in Hillhouse, Cawthorne, and had one daughter, Mary, in 1860. That same year, Spencer-Stanhope’s house Sandroyd (now part of Reed's School), near Cobham in Surrey, was commissioned from the architect Philip Webb. Finished by 1861, Sandroyd was only Webb’s second house, the first having been built for William Morris. The house was designed to accommodate Stanhope’s work as a painter, with two second-floor studios connected by double

On September 27, 2017, he released the song "left you". On November 14, Lophiile premiered the single "Off Top", featuring American rapper Freddie Gibbs, on Beats 1's radio show with Zane Lowe, and was released to critical acclaim.

On March 20, 2018, Lophiile released a song, titled "when". The following year, he released the To Forgive EP on February 21, 2019.

On September 25, 2019, he released the single "No Bus" under No Tricks/Blue Note Records.

2018–present: Radiant Children

Radiant Children formed between three musicians, songwriters, and producers in 2016, consisting of Acord, singer Fabienne Holloway, and multi-instrumentalist Marco Bernardis, based out of London, England. Bernardis and Acord previously had collaborated together with other musicians such as Gallant and CHON. The group released their debut single, "Life's a Bitch", in June 2018. They self-released their debut extended play (EP), TRYIN, on August 24, 2018.

Discography

with A Memoria Brooded
 Human (2012)
 Conduit (2014)

with Issues
Extended plays
 Black Diamonds (2012)

Studio albums
 Issues (2014)
 Diamond Dreams (2014)
 Headspace (2016) (as session member)
 Beautiful Oblivion (2019) (as session member)

as Lophiile
Singles
 "Preach" (2016)
 "Newno", featuring Moss Kena and Nick Grant (2017)
 "left you" (2017)
 "Off Top", featuring Freddie Gibbs (2017)
 "when" (2018)
 "No Bus" (2019)

Extended plays
 To Forgive (EP) (2019)

with Radiant Children

 TRYIN (EP) (2018)

Remixes
 "I Want You to Know" (Scout Remix) (2015)
 "Beautiful Now" (Scout Remix) (2015)
 "Breathe Life" (Lophiile Remix) (2016)
 "Kiss the Sky" (Lophiile Remix) (2016)

References

Category:Living people
Category:American electronic musicians
Category:Electronic music groups from California
Category:Record producers from California


Early Life and education 
Oseloka H. Obaze is the second of six children born to Anthony Chukwunweike Obaze and Rosemary Omuluzua Obaze. His father Anthony was a Senior Local Government Administrator while his mother Rosemary was an educationist both in the former Eastern Region of Nigeria. He spent his childhood Onitsha, Ogidi, Aguata, Umuahia, and Uzuakoli, where his father served at the various County Councils.  He attended the highly reputed Christ the King College Onitsha from 1967 to 1973 (His education was interrupted briefly due to the Nigerian Civil War) and Dennis Memorial Grammar School in Onitsha from 1973 to 1974. He attended Nebraska Wesleyan University and University of Nebraska, both in Lincoln, Nebraska, USA, from where he respectively received his bachelor's and master's degree in Political Science and International Relations.

Professional career

Federal Government of Nigeria 
As a diplomat with the Nigerian Diplomatic Service, Oseloka Obaze served first as External Affairs Officer, Grade VIII from 1982 to 1983 then as Third Secretary (Political) from 1983 to 1986 both at the former Ministry of External Affairs in Lagos. He served as Second Secretary and Special Assistant  (Policy Adviser) to Major-General Joseph N. Garba, in his various capacities as the Permanent Representative of Nigeria to the United Nations, 1987 to 1989; President of the 44th United Nations General Assembly and Ambassador-at-Large of Nigeria from 1989- 1990. Thereafter Obaze served as First Secretary, Bilateral Economic Cooperation at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Nigeria) in 1991. 

He led the Nigerian delegation who worked closely with former South African President Thabo Mbeki,  and Gora Ebrahim, the Pan Africanist Congress (PAC) Secretary for Foreign Affairs in negotiating the UN Declaration on Apartheid, and its Destructive Consequences in Southern Africa.''

United Nations  
Oseloka H. Obaze joined the United Nations Secretariat in 1991 as a Political Affairs Officer of the Department of Political and Security Council Affairs (PSCA) at the United Nations Headquarters in New York and was involved in preventive diplomacy and post-conflict peace building. As part of his duties at the U.N., he contributed to the conceptualization, drafting and finalizing of strategic policy papers and reports of then U.N. Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar  

Dr Amrinder Jit Kanwar (born 29 June 1948) is an Indian dermatologist. He has been Senior Professor and Head, Department of Dermatology, Venereology & Leprology, PGI Chandigarh and currently practices in his hometown, New Delhi, India.

Early life and education
Kanwar is the son of Late Shri Inder Singh and Smt Shanti Devi. He attended school in New Delhi and graduated from AIIMS, New Delhi in MBBS (Dermatology) in 1969, where he also obtained his post graduate degree (M.D.) in Dermatology and Venereology in 1975. After his senior residency in AIIMS, went on a foreign assignment in Benghazi, Libya. He also served a year in St John's Institute of Dermatology, London during a Commonwealth Medical Fellowship in Pediatric Dermatology. He also spent time in the National Institute of Health, Washington USA in 2006 for a Fellowship in AIDS, and a month in Kurume, Japan in 2010 for special training in Pemphigus.

Career
Kanwar's foreign assignment in Libya, ended in 1987 when he returned to join PGI Chandigarh.

He was awarded Dr B.C. Roy National award, one of the highest recognition given in the field of medicine, by the President of India, on 1 July at the Rastrapati Bhawan. The Indian Medical Council gave him the Lala Ram Chand Kandhari Award to him, in 2010 for his outstanding work in Vitiligo. He was also the first in India to report efficacy of Rituximab for treatment of Pemphigus He was selected as a fellow of National Academy of Medical Sciences (FAMS) in 2008 and as a Fellow of Royal College of Physicians (FRCP) London in 2011.

He has more than 592 publications to his credit, in national and international Textbooks and Journals. In 2011, he was credited as first in India to report efficacy and safety of Rituximab for treatment of Pemphigus. He is co-author of Textbook of Surgical Management of Vitiligo published by Blackwell

Awards and recognition

 Awarded Dr. B. C. Roy Award (2010) for Eminent Medical Teacher in the field of Dermatology
 Awarded with Dr RV Rajam Oration (2013–2014) Annual Meeting of National Academy

Bibliography
Works by Richard Boston:
 1970. The Press We Deserve, edited by Richard Boston. London: Routledge & K. Paul. .
 1974. An Anatomy of Laughter. London: Collins. .
 1975. Ed. and introduction to: The Admirable Urquhart: Selected Writings (Urquhart, Thomas, Sir, 1611–1660). London: Gordon Fraser Gallery. .
 1976. Beer and Skittles. London: Collins. .
 1977. Baldness Be My Friend. London: Elm Tree Books. .
 1977. Foreword to Little Boxes: A Selection of Bryan McAllister Cartoons from "The Guardian". London: Guardian Newspapers. .
 1979. The Little Green Book, edited by Richard Boston, Richard Holme and Richard North. London: Wildwood House. .
 1982. The C. O. Jones Compendium of Practical Jokes, (Illustrated by Posy Simmonds). London: Enigma Books. .
 . Foreword to The Belchers: A Strip Cartoon from Vole magazine 1977–81, by Bryan Reading. Poole: Blandford. .
 . Ed. The Busman’s Prayer, (Illustrated by Blaise Thompson). Reading (The Old School, Aldworth): Foss & Hodge. 
 1986. Introduction to: With an Eye to the Future by Osbert Lancaster. London: Century. (Originally pub London: Murray (1953). .
 1987. Contribution to: A Decade of Anarchy (1961–70), ed Colin Ward. London: Freedom Press. .
 1989. Osbert: A Portrait of Osbert Lancaster. London: Collins. .
 1994. Boudu Saved From Drowning (Boudu sauvé des eaux). London: BFI Publishing. .
 1995. Essay in The Raven, No 30: New Life to the Land?. London: Freedom Press.
 1997. Starkness at Noon. Nottingham: Five Leaves Publications. .
 2003. Essay in A Country Diary Clifford Harper, by Clifford Harper. Agraphia Press. .

References

Category:1938 births
Category:2006 deaths
Category:Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Category:English anarchists
Category:English male journalists
Category:British anti-war activists
Category:English male non-fiction writers
Category:The Guardian journalists
Category:People educated

Characters
 Max Riemelt is Marek Gorsky, a Soviet Jewish immigrant from Riga. Haunted by the murder of his older brother who had chosen to become a gangster, Marek has defied the values of his family and community by becoming a police officer. For this reason, Marek is widely despised as a Musor and a traitor to his own people. Despite this, he is determined to enforce the law and ultimately to solve the murder of his brother.
 Ronald Zehrfeld is Sven Lottner, a former apprentice Stasi agent and Marek's partner in the police force. Like Marek, Sven is a tenacious investigator who will do his duty even when obstructed by corrupt police colleagues. He is also a consummate womanizer.
 Marie Bäumer is Stella, Marek's beloved sister, who is married to Misha, one of the most powerful Russian Mafia bosses in Berlin. Aware that her husband has a mistress, Stella debates leaving him, but ultimately becomes involved in his illegal businesses.
 Mišel Matičević is Misha, a Russian Thief in law, the owner of the Odessa night club, and Stella's husband. The night club serves as the headquarters of the crime family that Misha leads and which has made him a fortune through the black market trade in untaxed cigarettes. Despite having a mistress, Misha is shown to be far more loving and considerate to his wife than Tony Soprano, which is why she reliluctantly stays with him. Early in the series, Misha attempts to corrupt Marek by feeding him information about a rival crime family. Although this is a violation of the Thieves' Law, Misha rationalizes his act by reminding his followers that the rival gang rejects the Law completely. Misha's violation of the Law ultimately fails to corrupt Marek and leads both crime families to the brink of war.
 Ryszard Ronczewski is Uncle Sasha, a Soviet Jewish Thief in law from Odessa and relative to Marek and Stella. Despite appearing to be merely the simple owner of a shoe repair shop, Uncle Sasha is viewed as the elder statesman of Berlin's Russian underworld. In a conversation with Stella, Uncle Sasha relates how he has an entire room  filled with the shoes of other Soviet Jewish immigrants who have joined the city's criminal underworld and been killed in its quarrels

Stanton is a city in western Orange County, California, part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The population was 38,186 at the 2010 census, up from 37,403 at the 2000 census. The city was incorporated in 1956 and operates under the Council-Manager form of government, providing a full range of municipal services. Stanton is bounded by Cypress on the west, Anaheim on the north, and east, and Garden Grove on the east and south.

History
On November 4, 1905, the Los Angeles Interurban Railway started service on the Santa Ana Line. It ran along an almost perfectly straight line between Watts and Santa Ana. Access to transportation allowed the population of the rural area to grow. This area is now Stanton and West Anaheim .

Stanton was named for Philip A. Stanton, a Republican assemblyman for Los Angeles from 1903 to 1909.

In 1908, the privately owned Pacific Electric Railway leased the Santa Ana Line and took over the service extending its regional light-rail system. By 1928, the impressive thousand-mile system allowed the residents to conveniently travel throughout Los Angeles and Orange Counties. See 1928 Map. The passenger service to Santa Ana was discontinued in 1950, shortly after the railway was taken over by the Metropolitan Transportation Agency. Today, the easement still is owned by the Orange County Transportation Authority (OCTA). It crosses the intersections of Beach Boulevard/Pacific Street and Cerritos Avenue/Western Avenue.

The first City of Stanton was incorporated in 1911 and at the time was the largest city in Orange County by area. The main motivation for incorporation was the City of Anaheim's plan to build a "sewage farm" to the west of their city. The former Speaker of the California State Assembly Phillip Ackley Stanton assisted in the incorporation and the city was named Stanton in his honor. In 1924 the residents voted to dis-incorporate to avoid the cost of building roads in the City.

In the early 1950s, the area had experienced a post-war population boom and the neighboring cities rapidly annexed land. In May 1956 the citizens responded by re-incorporating into today's City of Stanton.

Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

Demographics

2010
The 2010 United States Census reported that Stanton had a population of 38,186. The population density was 12,122.5 people per square mile (4,680.6/

There were 4,093 households out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were married couples living together, 15.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.9% were non-families. 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.10.

In the CDP, the population was spread out with 24.9% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 28.9% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.5 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $42,207, and the median income for a family was $50,496. Males had a median income of $33,476 versus $26,316 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $18,582. About 6.6% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.5% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.

By the 2010 census, the local population had grown and changed substantially.  In 2010 Brooklyn Park had 14,373 people, 5,158 households and 3,634 families.  The racial makeup of the CDP was 76.8% White, 18.6% African American, 6% Latino, and 3.4% Asian (NB: some Latinos had responded as both Latino and white).

See also
Brooklyn, Baltimore
Curtis Bay, Baltimore

References

External links

"Ann Arundell County" Historical Society, research and genealogical library located in the old former Kuenthe Branch Library of the Anne Arundel County Public Library system on Crain Highway at Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard (Md. Route 648) in central Glen Burnie, Maryland 21061

Category:Census-designated places in Maryland
Category:Census-designated places in Anne Arundel County,

Background and formation
The German Order Police (uniformed police) was a key instrument of the security apparatus of Nazi Germany. In the prewar period, Heinrich Himmler, the head of the SS, and Kurt Daluege, chief of the Order Police, cooperated in transforming the police force of the Weimar Republic into militarised formations ready to serve the regime's aims of conquest and racial annihilation. The police units participated in the annexation of Austria and the occupation of Czechoslovakia. Police troops were first formed into battalion-sized formations for the 1939 invasion of Poland, where they were deployed for security and policing purposes, also taking part in executions and mass deportations.

Twenty-three Order Police battalions were slated to take part in the 1941 invasion of the Soviet Union, Operation Barbarossa. Nine were attached to security divisions of the Wehrmacht. Two battalions were assigned to support the Einsatzgruppen, the mobile death squads of the SS, and the Organisation Todt, the military construction group. Twelve were formed into regiments, three battalions each, and designated as Police Regiments Centre, North, South, and Special Purpose. The goals of the police battalions were to secure the rear by eliminating the remnants of the enemy forces, guarding the prisoners of war, and protecting the lines of communications and captured industrial facilities. Their instructions also included, as Daluege stated, the "combat of criminal elements, above all political elements".

Along with Police Battalions 307 and 316, Police Battalion 322 was assigned to Police Regiment Centre. Comprising about 550 men, the battalion was raised from recruits mobilised from the 1905–1915 year groups. They were led by career police professionals, steeped in the ideology of Nazism, driven by anti-semitism and anti-Bolshevism. The regiment was placed under the command of , a career policeman. When it crossed the German-Soviet border, the regiment came under the control of Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski, the Higher SS and Police Leader (HSS-PF) for Army Group Centre.

Operational history
Himmler made a personal visit to the headquarters of Police Regiment Centre in Belostok on 8 July where he spoke to Montua, Bach-Zalewski and the regiment's officers. The same evening, a company of Police Battalion 322 participated in the shooting of about 1,000 Jews under

A Maximal arc in a finite projective plane is a largest possible (k,d)-arc in that projective plane. If the finite projective plane has order q (there are q+1 points on any line), then for a maximal arc, k, the number of points of the arc, is the maximum possible (= qd + d - q) with the property that no d+1 points of the arc lie on the same line.

Definition
Let  be a finite projective plane of order q (not necessarily desarguesian).  Maximal arcs of degree d ( 2 ≤ d ≤ q- 1) are (k,d)-arcs in , where k is maximal with respect to the parameter d, in other words, k  = qd + d - q.

Equivalently, one can define maximal arcs of degree d in  as non-empty sets of points K such that every line intersects the set either in 0 or d points.

Some authors permit the degree of a maximal arc to be 1, q or even q+ 1. Letting K be a maximal (k, d)-arc in a projective plane of order q, if 
 d = 1, K is a point of the plane,
 d = q, K is the complement of a line (an affine plane of order q), and
 d = q + 1, K is the entire projective plane.
All of these cases are considered to be trivial examples of maximal arcs, existing in any type of projective plane for any value of q. When 2 ≤ d ≤ q- 1, the maximal arc is called non-trivial, and the definition given above and the properties listed below all refer to non-trivial maximal arcs.

Properties
 The number of lines through a fixed point p, not on a maximal arc K, intersecting K in d points, equals .  Thus, d divides q.
 In the special case of d = 2, maximal arcs are known as hyperovals which can only exist if q is even.
 An arc K having one fewer point than a maximal arc can always be uniquely extended to a maximal arc by adding to K the point at which all the lines meeting K in d - 1 points meet.
 In PG(2,q) with q odd, no non-trivial maximal arcs exist.
 In PG(2,2h), maximal arcs for every degree 2t, 1 ≤ t ≤ h exist.

Partial geometries
One

 Has performed services as a lead or starring participant in productions or events with distinguished reputations as shown by critical reviews, ads, publicity releases, publications, contract or endorsements; 
 National or international recognition for achievements through critical reviews, other published materials by or about the beneficiary in major trade papers, trade journals, magazines, and so forth; 
 Has performed in a lead, starring or critical role for organizations and establishments that have a distinguished reputation evidenced by media articles, testimonials, and similar write-ups; 
 Has a record of major commercial or critically acclaimed success; 
 Has achieved significant recognition from organizations, critics, government agencies and recognized experts;
 Has commanded or will command a high salary or other remuneration in comparison to others in the field.

For Extraordinary Ability in motion picture or television, the definition of "extraordinary" is different. For these individuals, "extraordinary achievement" is defined as "a very high level of accomplishment in the motion picture or television industry evidenced by a degree of skill and recognition substantially above that ordinarily encountered to the extent that the person is recognized as outstanding, leading, or well-known in the motion picture or television field."

Before an O-1 visa can be granted, the applicant must go through a special consultation process. The applicant must get an "advisory opinion" from a peer group, a group of professionals in the alien's occupation or profession, or from a union, labor, or management organization. An "advisory opinion" is a letter from an organization stating that the position the alien applicant will hold requires extraordinary ability.

The peer group must provide a written opinion to the USCIS. If the application does not include a peer group opinion, the USCIS will attempt to contact a peer group directly. If no peer group exists, the USCIS will make a decision without a peer group consultation.

The USCIS will not require a new consultation if the alien beneficiary is reentering the U.S. in the O-1 category within two years of a previous peer group consultation. Unlike the EB1-Extraordinary Ability category, the O-1 category requires employment and sponsorship by the employer.

Consultation with an appropriate peer group, labor and/or management organization regarding the nature of the proposed work and the beneficiary's qualifications is mandatory before an O-1 petition can be approved. This requirement may be especially important in the arts, entertainment fields, or athletics.

An O-1 artist can be

Sir Robert Shields  (8 May 1930 – 3 October 2008) was a British surgeon and Professor of Surgery at Liverpool University.

He was born in Paisley, Renfrewshire, the son of an electrical engineer. He was educated at the John Neilson Institution, Paisley and Glasgow University.

He took a job as a house officer at Glasgow Western Infirmary and then carried out his National (Military)  Service as regimental medical officer with the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders.  He maintained his association with the Army until 1962 by serving as senior surgical specialist and medical officer with the 7th Battalion, the Argylls (TA Reserve).

After completion of his National Service in 1956, he returned to the Western Infirmary and rose steadily up through the ranks, moving in 1963 to Cardiff as senior lecturer in surgery at the Welsh National School of Medicine and consultant surgeon to the United Cardiff Hospitals and the Welsh Hospital Board. He was awarded his MD in 1965 for his paper on intestinal absorption and appointed Reader in 1969.

Later in that year of 1969, he was offered and accepted the post as Professor of Surgery at Liverpool University (with a consultant post at the Royal Liverpool and Broadgreen hospitals), where he worked until his retirement. During those 30 years Shields built up the department of surgery and established an international reputation for research, teaching and clinical practice. 

In 1982 he was appointed dean of the medical faculty at Liverpool University for 3 years. He also served on a number of medical committees and the editorial boards of various learned journals; he was vice-chairman of the British Journal of Surgery. He was joint editor of a number of books on medical subjects, including the Textbook of Surgery (1983). 

He was knighted in the 1990 Birthday Honours and made a Deputy-lieutenant of Merseyside in 1991. In 1994 he was elected to serve as president of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh for the next 3 years. After retirement he acted as an advisor to Government on Health Service reform.

He died in 2008. He had married in 1957 Marianne Swinburne, a nursing sister at the British Military Hospital in Berlin. He left a son and 2 daughters.

References

Category:1930 births
Category:2008 deaths
Category:People from Paisley, Renfrewshire
Category:Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Category:Scottish surgeons

weGrow was founded in January 2010 by CEO Dhar Mann, a medical marijuana entrepreneur. He began franchising the brand in October of that year. weGrow currently has franchises in Sacramento, California and Phoenix, Arizona, with a non-retail distribution hub in Oakland, California.

weGrow stores do not sell marijuana. They sell the supplies and services that cultivators need to grow marijuana. They also provide education and advice on all aspects of medical marijuana cultivation. Stores give indoor grow demonstrations using real (non-marijuana) plants and offer classes on how medical marijuana can be safely and responsibly cultivated. On-site medical doctors perform patient evaluations, and expert technicians advise customers on building professional grow rooms.

Locations 
 Oakland, California – This store opened January 28, 2010, initially under the brand “iGrow.” It reopened as weGrow on October 3, 2010. The  store, located at 70 Hegenberger Loop, Oakland, CA 94621, was originally a hydroponics superstore, but the successful franchising of the weGrow brand has turned this store into a non-retail distribution hub.
 Sacramento, California – The first weGrow franchisee, Michael Garcia, opened this  store, located at 1537 Fulton Ave, Sacramento, CA 95825, on February 26, 2011.
 Phoenix, Arizona – Franchisee Sunny Singh opened this store on June 1, 2011. The Phoenix store is the largest weGrow store to date, at . It is located at 2937 W. Thomas Road, Phoenix, AZ 85009.
 Washington D.C. – Franchisee Alex Wong opened this store on March 30, 2012. The D.C. store is 2,500 square feet. It is located at 1522 Rhode Island Avenue Northeast, Washington, DC 20018.

Locations in Sacramento and Washington D.C. have since closed.

All locations are currently closed. The website now redirects to dispensarypermits.com.

In the media 
In February 2011, Geraldo Rivera talked about the first marijuana superstore to hit California. The store was also featured in Time Magazine in February 2011. The grand opening of the Phoenix weGrow store was featured on numerous national media outlets: CNN aired a segment about the opening of the "Walmart of Weed" on May 31, 2011 and Reuters reporter David Schwartz wrote a story that was

"I Went to Your Wedding" is a popular song written and composed by Jessie Mae Robinson and published in 1952. 

The song is a report of a wedding, attended by the ex-lover of one of the parties being married, who obviously is still in love with the person to whom it is addressed. While the lines "You came down the aisle/ Wearing a smile/ A vision of loveliness" might suggest the song being directed to a female, the best-known versions of the song have been sung by female singers, presumably to male ex-lovers.

The biggest hit version was recorded by Patti Page. It was recorded on August 6, 1952, and issued by Mercury Records as catalog number 5899, with the flip side "You Belong to Me." It first entered the Billboard chart on August 22, 1952, lasting 21 weeks and reaching #1 on the chart.  "I Went to Your Wedding" also afforded Page a #1 hit in Australia.

Another version was recorded by the Sammy Kaye orchestra, on August 15, 1952, and issued by Columbia Records as catalog number 39856. The song was also recorded by Alma Cogan in the United Kingdom in 1952.

A country music version by Hank Snow peaked at number 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in 1952.

The song was parodied by Spike Jones and his City Slickers later in the decade, depicting the singer as glad to "get rid" of the bride. Ray Stevens covered the Spike Jones version in 2012 on the 9-CD project, The Encyclopedia of Recorded Comedy Music.

The French rendering of "I Went To Your Wedding," re-titled "Ton mariage," was recorded in 1953 by Lys Assia; Line Renaud and Tino Rossi also recorded versions.

Philippine singer Victor Wood performed and released a bilingual version of "I Went To Your Wedding" in which he alternated the original lyrics with Filipino ones. This particular cover became popular in the Philippines and gave some fame to the entertainer.

The song's melody is very similar to the old Russian song  Po Donu gulyaet kazak molodoi (Young Cossak went near the Don).

See also
List of number-one singles of 1952 (U.S.)

References

Category:1952 songs
Category:Patti Page songs
Category:Number

Discovery 
The stela was discovered in 1858 at Giza by the French archaeologist Auguste Mariette, during excavations of the Isis temple. The tablet was located very close to the Great Sphinx of Giza.

Description 
The original size of the tablet is unknown, since it was already damaged at the time of its discovery. The creation of the stela can be dated back to the 26th Dynasty during the Saite Period around 670 BC. The Inventory Stela is made of polished granite and decorated with a commemorative inscription and a so-called apparition window. The apparition window names 22 divine statues of different deities, the statues are claimed to have been part of the temple's belongings. The statues are figuratively depicted and their material and size are also described.

The commemorative text is engraved on the U-shaped frame around the apparition window. It praises the gods Isis, Mistress of the pyramids and Osiris, Lord of Rosta. After this, the inscription claims that the Isis temple was already at its place before the pyramids had been erected and that the temple was discovered by Khufu east of the great pyramid at the "house of Harmakhis" (i.e. the Sphinx temple). Then it claims that Khufu first "built the temple of Isis anew" and then built a pyramid for the "king's daughter Henutsen". Finally, the goddess Isis is praised and again entitled as "mistress of the pyramids".

Historical importance 
The credibility of the Inventory Stela is viewed by Historians and Egyptologists with great caution. The text contains many anachronisms and its elaboration is poor. To the scholars it is obvious that the stela was a purposeful fake, created by the local priests with the attempt to certify the Isis temple an ancient history it never had. Such an act became common when religious institutions such as temples, shrines and priests' domains where fighting for political attention and for financial and economic donations.

But the oldest ruins of the Isis temple date back to the Middle Kingdom period, when many mastaba tombs at Giza were demolished in attempt to make space for newer tombs and temples. The Isis temple was built at the very corner of the queen's pyramid G1-c, which is today believed to be Queen Henutsen's tomb. A first,

Arumugam (film)

Arumugam (English: Six Faces) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Suresh Krishna and written by Rashid Premji. The film stars Bharath and Priyamani in the lead roles, while Ramya Krishnan, Saranya Mohan, Sathya, and Karunas, among others, play supporting roles. The music was composed by Deva. The film released on 25 September 2009 and was panned by critics as well as audience.

Plot
Arumugam (Bharath) is a Good Samaritan who makes a living selling idlis on a roadside platform shop along with his father (Ilavarasu), sister Mallika (Saranya Mohan) and sidekick (Karunas). Arumugam is in love with his childhood sweetheart Yamini (Priyamani) His best friend is the rich kid Karthik (Sathya), whose sister is an arrogant tycoon Malini Devi (Ramya Krishnan). She and her uncle (Mahadevan) hates Karthik’s deep bonding with Arumugam, who she finds to be below her stature. Malini, through her machinations, is able to separate the friends and bring Arumugam to the streets. Arumugam, after his mother’s (Seetha) grave is bulldozed and Mallika is humiliated, vows to bring Malini to the streets. Like you have seen in hundreds of earlier films, the hero, due to his hard work and smart moves, becomes the richest man in the town and takes his revenge.

Cast

Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Deva and lyrics written b Pa. Vijay and Perarasu.
Aarumugam – Shankar Mahadevan
Yamini – Hariharan, Sadhana Sargam
Salona – Udit Narayan, Sonu Kakkar
Endhan Raja – Mahalakshmi Iyer
Oru Poongatru – Mahalakshmi Iyer
Rendu Rendu – Suraj, Madhushree

Reception
The film received negative reviews from critics who compared it with director's own film Annamalai due to its similar plot. Sify labelled the film as "poor" cited that the film "makes

Akalajalada

Akāla-jalada (c. 8th-9th century) was a Sanskrit-language poet from the Tripuri Kalachuri kingdom of present-day Central India. He was the great-grandfather of the Gurjara-Pratihara court poet Rajashekhara.

Biography 

Akalajalada was the great-grandfather of the 10th century poet Rajashekhara, so he must have lived in the 8th century or 9th century. He came from the Yayavara Brahmana family of Maharashtra: Rajashekhara's Bala-Ramayana calls him Maharashtra-chudamani ("crest jewel of Maharashtra"). The prologue of the text names the poets Surananda and Tarala as other members of this family. These ancestors of Rajashekhara flourished at the court of the Kalachuris of Tripuri.

"Akalajalada" (literally "out-of-season cloud") was probably a sobriquet, not the poet's real name. The poet was also known by other names, including Dakshinatya and Dvanduka. A verse attributed to Akalajalada in Sharngadhara-paddhati is attributed to Dakshinatya ("Southern") in Vallabha-deva's Subhashitavali. Vidyakara's Subhashita-ratna-kosha attributes the same verse to "Dvanduka".

According to a verse by Rajashekhara, quoted by the 12th century writer Jalhana, a dramatist named Kadambari-rama plagiarized from Akalajalada for a nataka (play), and gained reputation as an excellent poet.

Works 

Only one verse attributed to Akalajalada is now extant. Its English translation by A. K. Warder is as follows:

Alternative translation by M. C. Choubey, according to whom this is the description of a drought in the Tripuri Kalachuri kingdom:

A verse attributed to Rajashekhara in Jalhana's Sukti-muktavali suggests that Akalajalada had written many muktakas (detached stanzas). These were later compiled into a collection titled

The J. Graham Brown School, the Original Magnet School,  is a district-wide magnet school for students who thrive in a  Self Directed Learning environment. Brown was recognized by the Kentucky Department of Education as a Distinguished school at the elementary, middle, and high school levels.

J. Graham Brown students engage in an aligned college preparatory liberal arts curriculum based on their three tenets of Self-Directed Learning: Independence, Empathy, and Initiative. The academic program cultivates critical, open-minded, and creative thinkers who are willing to take risks and are eager for new knowledge. The learning environment develops compassionate, tolerant, and respectful human beings who value cultural diversity and contribute to the community. Grade level academic performance and age appropriate social skills are expected for success in this informal educational setting.

Recognitions
Newsweek magazine listed Brown as one of the "Best Schools in America" in both 2009 and 2010, placing them in the top 4% of schools nationwide. Brown was honored by U.S. News & World Report with a Bronze Medal Award in 2007, 2008, and 2009. , every year Brown School had placed in the top three or four schools across the Commonwealth of Kentucky in both the ACT and the Kentucky Core Content Test. Brown High School was the state's top scorer in the 2009 CATS testing cycle.

History
The school was founded in 1971, with classes starting in the fall of 1972 in the Brown Hotel at Fourth Street and Broadway in downtown Louisville. Brown was the first "magnet school" in the JCPS district, and it enrolled students from all parts of Louisville as part of the Louisville School System. As the school grew the neighboring Brown Building was rehabilitated to accommodate it. The lower nine stories of the ten-story Brown Building were ultimately used by the school during its first ten years, before it moved to its present location on South First Street, south of Muhammad Ali Boulevard.

The founding director of J. Graham Brown School was Murray State University graduate Martha Ellison, who, during her earlier teaching career, was the English teacher of playwright Marsha Norman. Upon her retirement, Ellison was succeeded by her longtime assistant director, Douglas Proctor. The Martha A. Ellison Peace Green, across First Street from the school, is named in her honor.  the principal of Brown School is Dr. Angela G. Parsons.

Although the school has always referred to itself as the J. Graham Brown School, this name did not

Sid the Sexist (real name Sidney Aloysius Smutt) is a character from the British satirical comic Viz, first appearing in issue 9 in October 1982. The strip was created and mostly drawn by Simon Donald until he left the magazine in 2003, when Paul Palmer took over as artist.

According to Donald, "Sid is a man who is unable to communicate with women. He is desperate to impress them, but is totally lacking in social skills. He thinks he must use foul and offensive chat-up lines on women to impress his friends, but can't see why they don't impress the girls. He tries to soften the blow of his outrageous behaviour with nice, friendly Geordie words. Sid thinks that a few "hinnys" and "pets" thrown liberally into his disgusting conversation will win the hearts of women. He usually ends up in hospital having painful procedures to remove things women have shoved where the sun doesn't shine."

Character 

Sid and his mates Baz, Bob and Joe, who are all Geordies, spend much of their time hanging around at the pub, with Sid bragging to them continually about his apparent sexual prowess. Sid "spectacularly fail[s] in the pursuit to which he has single-mindedly committed himself: having sex."  He is a coarse and unsophisticated 30-year-old who still lives with his mother, a fact which often poses as a stumbling block to any potential liaison, and is unable or unwilling to use any kind of decorum when approaching women, instead using outrageously crude lines that never succeed in achieving anything beyond rejection or a violent response from the woman in question. In one of his most famous examples from an early issue of Viz, Sid approaches a woman with; "How, pet, my name's Sid. D'ya fancy a fuck?" When answered with a definite "No!", he replies "Well, would you mind lying down while I have one?"

The recurrent format of Sid's adventures is that he believes he has found a new approach to women that will secure him a sexual conquest at long last ('This time... this time! It HAS to be this time!!'). His attempts at trying out these questionable methods invariably end up with his being humiliated, often painfully. He is physically very unfit, has a prominent beer belly, drinks heavily, always has a cigarette in his mouth and is cowardly despite his macho pretensions

Research and academic work 
Alves' research focuses on macroeconomics and the international political economy.

Before her PhD, Alves focused on issues relating to financial capital, the labour theory of value, and social classes. During her MPhil, she looked at the historical and theoretical development of the relationship between value and labour in economics. While doing her MPhil, she was also a research assistant for the State of São Paulo Research Foundation (FAPESP — BR) on a project concerning income transfer strategies for governments. Her PhD thesis, titled Stabilisation or financialisation: examining the dynamics of the Brazilian public debt, examined Brazilian public debt between 1994 and 2014 and the vicious cycle between financial liberalization, high interest rates, and the growth of domestic public debt.

After the completion of her PhD, Alves has further studied fiscal and monetary policy through an analysis of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank's literature on public debt management and its impact on the development of government bond markets.

Since early 2019, Alves has been organizing a special issue of the Cambridge Journal of Economics that examines the financialization process in both developing and emerging economies, a concept stemming from conversations about the risks of financial liberalization and globalization.

Selected scholarships 
Synthesis Report: Empirical analysis for new ways of global engagement

Together with Vivienne Boufounou, Konstantinos Dellis, Christos Pitelis and Jan Toporowski, Alves produced a synthesis report looking at the increasing integration of developing and emerging economies into the global financial system through the increasing cross-border flows of capital. They argue that a close examination of net capital flows cannot explain this integration, while the increasing involvement of the private sector in the external debt of developing countries does reflect this increasing integration into the financial system.

Such integration increases these countries' exposure to various financial risks and subjects their economies to different factors that drive these capital flows. The authors point out that the increased participation of developing and emerging economies in the world's financial system represents potential for the development of new multilateral relationships, and these economies can also be a crucial source of finance for the European continent at a time of financial distress. This paper was published as a FESSUD working paper in August 2016.

References 

Category:British economists
Category:British women economists
Category:Fellows of Girton College, Cambridge
Category:Living people
Category:Place of birth missing (living people

Walther Sommerlath

Carl August Walther Sommerlath (22 January 1901 – 21 October 1990) was a German businessman and the father of Queen Silvia of Sweden. He was president of the Brazilian subsidiary of the Swedish steel-parts manufacturer Uddeholm Tooling after World War II.

Early life
He was born and raised in Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire (now Baden-Württemberg, Germany). His parents were Louis Carl Moritz Sommerlath (1860–1930), who was born in Chicago, in the United States, and his wife Erna Sophie Christine Waldau (1864–1944). In the mid-1920s, Walther Sommerlath moved to São Paulo, Brazil where he worked for the steel company Acus Roechling Boulerus do Brasil, a subsidiary in the German steel group Roechling.

Marriage
On 10 December 1925, Sommerlath married the Brazilian Alice Soares de Toledo (1906–1997), in Santa Cecília, São Paulo. She was the daughter of Arthur Floriano de Toledo and his wife Elisa de Novaes Soares. The couple had four children: 
Ralf Sommerlath (born 1929)
Walther Ludwig Sommerlath (born 1934)
Hans Jörg Sommerlath (1941–2006)
Silvia Renate Sommerlath (born 23 December 1943), married in 1976 to Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden

Life in Germany
In 1938, Walther Sommerlath left Brazil and returned to Heidelberg. In 1939 he moved to the German capital Berlin. Between 1939 and 1943, Sommerlath ran a company in Berlin that was seized from its Jewish owners by the Nazis. The company manufactured arms to be used in the War. In 1943, Sommerlath’s plant was destroyed by allied bombs. Later that year, the Sommerlath family returned to Heidelberg.

After the war, in 1947 the Sommerlath family returned to Brazil, where Walther Sommerlath worked as the president of the Brazilian subsidiary of the Swedish steel-parts manufacturer Uddeholm. The family finally moved back to Heidelberg in 1957. He died in Heidelberg in 1990.

Membership of the Nazi Party

Not very much is publicly known about Sommerlath's

Lapa oil field

The Lapa oil field is a deepwater oil field in the pre-salt Guaratiba Group of the South Atlantic Santos Basin,  off the coast of São Paulo, Brazil. The field lies in water depths of approximately . When the discovery of the field was initially reported, it caused widespread commotion because of the speculated size of the field, which surpassed the Mexican Cantarell Complex, the biggest oil field complex outside of the Middle East. The size of Lapa, then known as Carioca and later as Sugar Loaf, was announced as possibly "as large as ". Later appraisal of the field drastically reduced the reserves to the current estimate of .

The field was taken into production in December 2016 and is operated by Petrobras with BG and Repsol-Sinopec as partners.

History 

The field was formerly known as Carioca, named after the demonym for people from Rio de Janeiro, and later renamed to Pão de Açúcar (Sugar Loaf), after the iconic Sugarloaf Mountain of the city. Being discovered in the pre-salt of the Santos Basin after the giant Lula Field (2007), then called Tupi, and just before Júpiter in January 2008, the first reports about the reserves caused high expectations. It was speculated and released to the press by a spokesman of the Brazilian national petroleum agency, Agência Nacional do Petróleo (ANP), that "the field could contain reserves as large as " of oil, which would make it the biggest discovery in 30 years and one of the largest oil fields worldwide, the biggest outside of the Middle East, surpassing the Cantarell Complex of the Gulf of Mexico and the Bolivar Coastal Field of the Venezuelan oil belt.

The operator of the field, state oil company Petrobras, refuted this statement as it was "far too early" to know the size of the field while the first appraisal well Sugar Loaf-1 was still drilling. The oil price plummeted after the announcement of the discovery. The excitement about Carioca has been mentioned as an example of "oil fever" in the exploration of the Brazilian deepwater pre-salt plays.

After appraisal of the field, the reserve estimate was downsized to  and taken into production in December 2016.

Reservoir 

The reservoir of the Lapa oil field is the pre-salt Guaratiba Group, a H

|-id=119
| 279119 Khamatova ||  || Chulpan Khamatova (born 1975), a Russian theater and film actress || 
|}

279201–279300 

|-id=226
| 279226 Demisroussos ||  || Demis Roussos (1946–2015), a Greek singer and performer, best remembered for being a member of Aphrodite's Child, a rock band that also included Greek musician Vangelis || 
|-id=274
| 279274 Shurpakov ||  || Sergey Shurpakov (born 1966), a Belarusian amateur astronomer, observer of comets and discoverer of minor planets and coordinator of the "International Comet Quarterly" (ICQ) for Belarus || 
|}

279301–279400 

|-id=377
| 279377 Lechmankiewicz ||  || Lech Mankiewicz (born 1960), a director of the Center for Theoretical Physics of the Polish Academy of Sciences in Warsaw. || 
|-id=397
| 279397 Dombeck ||  || Thomas W. Dombeck (1945–2016) received his Physics PhD from Northwestern University. He displayed his creative genius as professor, research scientist, project director for Pan-STARRS, husband and father. || 
|}

279401–279500 

|-id=410
| 279410 McCallon ||  || Howard McCallon (born 1945), an American engineer. || 
|}

279501–279600 

|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center | 
|}

279601–279700 

|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center | 
|}

279701–279800 

|-id=723
| 279723 Wittenberg ||  || Wittenberg, a town situated in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was starting point of the Reformation, where Martin Luther posted his The Ninety-Five Theses in 1517. || 
|}

279801–279900 

|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center | 
|}

279901–280000 

|-bgcolor

David Vanacore

David Vanacore is an American multi-award-winning television music composer.  Dubbed by television music industry insiders as 'The King of Reality', David Vanacore is the composer behind such acclaimed series as Survivor, The Apprentice, Big Brother, American Chopper, Dirty Jobs, Hell's Kitchen,  Wipeout, Whale Wars and hundreds more.

David's diligence in working closely with producers and directors to understand their vision has earned him top honors among Film & TV composers, winning ASCAP's prestigious Most Performed Themes and Most Performed Underscore awards every year since 2005.

David began his musical journey studying piano at the age of seven. For years he worked as a studio session pianist/keyboardist and toured with Cher among other well-known artists. While continuing to refine his chops as a studio musician David studied composition, orchestration and conducting at Cal State University and the Dick Grove School of Music. A chance meeting with famed television composer Mike Post led to an offer as his studio keyboard player, which introduced him to the world of music supervision for television.

David's first major breakout as a TV composer occurred when he landed a job with Mark Burnett for the first season of Survivor'' in 2000. At that time, Reality TV was new to audiences around the world; as a result, David was able to craft a style of music which today is commonly used for unscripted TV. As his success and workload increased he began to hire composers in order to keep up with the high demand of music. His venture as a one-man composer blossomed into a full-fledged composing house ( known as Vanacore Music ) with an impeccable reputation for producing music for unscripted television series.

Today as President & CEO of Vanacore Music and co-owner with his wife Lisa, David continues to provide music for major network and cable shows in collaboration with his team of diversely talented composers and producers at his full-services, state-of-the-art music production facility in Los Angeles and recently established offices in Santa Monica and New York City.

References

External links
 
 David Vanacore at Vanacore Music
 David Vanacore at IMDB
 David Vanacore at LinkedIn
 David Vanacore at SXSW
 David Vanacore at RealScreen Summit: Music Matters

Category:Living

Provenance and early years 
Edith Baumann was born into a working-class family in Prenzlauer Berg, at that time a recently developed district on the southern edge of Berlin. Her father was a building worker. She attended school locally, training as a typist.

Between 1925 and 1929 she was employed as a typist by a pharmacist wholesale supplier:  a succession of typing jobs followed. She joined the Socialist Workers' Youth movement (Sozialistische Arbeiter-Jugend / SAJ) in 1925, remaining a member till 1931. Between 1925 and 1933 she was also a member of the Zentralverband der Angestellten (ZdA) trades union. She joined the Socialist Workers' Party of Germany (Sozialistische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands / SAPD) in 1931, which was the year in which it broke away from the more moderate mainstream Social Democratic Party (Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands / SPD). She was also a leading member of the Socialist Youth League of Germany (Sozialistischer Jugend-Verband Deutschlands / SJV / SJVD ), the youth wing of the SAPD.

Nazi Germany 
The Nazi take-over in January 1933 ushered in a rapid series of social and political changes, as the new government lost little time in creating a one-party dictatorship. Edith Baumann was a political activist in the "wrong" party. At the party conference in March 1933 she was voted on to the party executive of the SAPD, and continued to devote herself actively to what now counted as "illegal party work". During this time, between April and August 1933, she was supporting herself by working as a typist with the "National Agency for Milk Products, Oils and fats" ("Reichsstelle für Milcherzeugnisse, Öle u. Fett") based in Berlin. She was arrested in August 1933.

Baumann was detained in investigatory custody for more than a year, first in prison at Berlin-Moabit and then at the women's prison along Barnimstraße. She faced trial in December 1934 and was sentenced by the special "people's court" to three years in prison for preparing to commit high treason ("Vorbereitung zum Hochverrat"). In the event she was released in October 1936. She remained in Berlin. Between 1936 and 1938

Muscle Shoals
One verse of the song includes the line, "Now Muscle Shoals has got the Swampers/And they've been known to pick a song or two." This refers to the town of Muscle Shoals, Alabama, a popular location for recording popular music because of the "sound" crafted by local recording studios and back-up musicians. "The Swampers" referred to in the lyrics are the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section. These musicians, who crafted the "Muscle Shoals Sound", were inducted into the Alabama Music Hall of Fame in 1995 for a "Lifework Award for Non-Performing Achievement" and into the Musician's Hall Of Fame in 2008 (the performers inducted into the latter were the four founding Swampers—Barry Beckett, Roger Hawkins, David Hood, Jimmy Johnson—plus Pete Carr, Clayton Ivey, Randy McCormack, Will McFarlane, and Spooner Oldham). The nickname "The Swampers" was given to the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section by producer Denny Cordell during a recording session by singer/songwriter Leon Russell, in reference to their 'swampy' sound.

Part of the reference comes from the 1971–1972 demo reels that Lynyrd Skynyrd had recorded in Muscle Shoals with Johnson as a producer/recording engineer. Johnson helped refine many of the songs first heard publicly on the Pronounced album, and it was Van Zant's "tip of the hat" to Johnson for helping out the band in the early years and essentially giving the band its first break.

Lynyrd Skynyrd remains connected to Muscle Shoals, having since recorded a number of works in the city and making it a regular stop on their concert tours.

The PBS show Independent Lens aired a documentary on Muscle Shoals and its place in music history in mid-April 2014.

Personnel
Lynyrd Skynyrd
 Ronnie Van Zant – lead vocals
 Ed King – lead guitar, backing vocals (first "woo" at the end of the last chorus)
 Leon Wilkeson – bass guitar, backing vocals (second "woo" at the end of the last chorus)
 Bob Burns – drums
 Billy Powell – piano
 Allen Collins – rhythm guitar (left channel)
 Gary Rossington – rhythm guitar (right channel), acoustic guitar (left

Format 18 was banned for extremism by a Russian court order in September 2010.

Russia 88 film
Actions of the neo-Nazi organization Format 18 have inspired Russian director Pavel Bardin to create the drama Russia 88. The movie is about a gang of skinheads that get entertained by filming their beatings of people of non-Slavic appearance, to be released on the Internet. One of the publicly available Format 18 videos called "Dacha History X" features an old woman (played by one of the skinheads) that hates black people and her grandson that buries them in the garden. A similar event takes place in the movie Russia 88. Among other similarities, the main character of the film is nicknamed Shtyk (Bayonet), and like Tesak, he takes a camera and films Russians when asking for their opinion on immigrants from the Caucasus and Asia.

First conviction
On 28 January 2007 Martsinkevich and his friends visited the Bilingua book club in Moscow. At the time, it was used as a platform for the political debates involving journalists Yulia Latynina and Maxim Kononenko. Tesak asked if they agreed that in order for Russia to improve, every democrat needed to be killed, then shouted "Sieg!" and put his hand up in the Nazi salute, followed by his friends yelling "Heil!". The shouting continued for a few more minutes, with a number of the female attendees yelling "fascism will not pass!" in response. Kononenko suggested to call the police, as performing Nazi salutes in public places was prohibited in Russia. The police wasn't called. Eventually, host of the debates Alexey Navalny has submitted a letter to the Russian public prosecutors' office.

On 2 July 2007 about 10 members of a Russian anti-extremist special forces unit arrested Martsinkevich at a gym he had used for training. On 18 February 2008 Tesak was sentenced to three years in prison for inciting ethnic or racial hatred (article 282 in Russia). Newspaper Novaya Gazeta published an opinion saying that the investigators have ignored the worst cases of the neo-Nazi's criminal activity, leading to a mild punishment.

Second conviction
In 2006, 20 people dressed as members of the Ku-Klux-Klan staged the execution of a Tajik drug dealer, filming and releasing it on the Internet. The organizers of the performance were Maxim Martsinkevich and Ar

All-time team record 
The following table show Slovenia's all-time international record, correct as of 19 November 2019 after the match against Poland. Only official FIFA recognized matches after the Slovenian independence are included; prior 1992, the unofficial Slovenian team played a total of five matches.

{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align: center" style="font-size: 95%;
|-
!colspan="9"|Slovenia all-time statistics per opponent 
|-
!Opponent
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|- bgcolor=CCFFCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 7 || 4 || 2 || 1 || 6 || 2 || +4 || 57.14%
|- bgcolor=FFFACD
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 2 || 1 || 0 || 1 || 1 || 2 || −1 || 50%
|- bgcolor=FFCCCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 1 || 0 || 0 || 1 || 0 || 2 || −2 || 0%
|- bgcolor=CCFFCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 1 || 1 || 0 || 0 || 2 || 0 || +2 || 100%
|- bgcolor=FFCCCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 4 || 1 || 0 || 3 || 2 || 5 || –3 || 25%
|- bgcolor=FFCCCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 5 || 1 || 2 || 2 || 5 || 8 || −3 || 20%
|- bgcolor=FFCCCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 2 || 0 || 1 || 1 || 0 || 2 || −2 || 0%
|- bgcolor=FFCCCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 4 || 0 || 0 || 4 || 4 || 10 || −6 || 0%
|- bgcolor=FFCCCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 4 || 0 || 1 || 3 || 2 || 8 || −6 || 0%
|- bgcolor=CCFFCC
| style="text-align:left;"|  || 1 || 1 || 0 || 0 || 1 || 0 || +1 || 100%
|- bgcolor=FFFACD
| style="text-align:left;"|  

History reveals that the great poet Sundarar sung the devotional 'Devaram' song in this temple by the 7th Century. Nonetheless, strangely Perur Pateeswarar Temple does not make it to the list of Kongu Nadu Padal petra sthalams, which otherwise has seven of the 276 temples.  

From the 14th to 17th Centuries, the kings from different dynasties like Hosala dynasty, Vijanagara Empire, Nayakkar Kings have contributed immense donations for the maintenance of this temple. The famous 'Kanaga Sabhai' was built around the 17th century, by Azhagathiri Nayakkar of Madurai.

By the 18th Century AD, the primary deities were renovated and also a Mahal for the 63 Nayanmaars were raised. By the 20th century, the Kalyana Mahal and the front Mahal were constructed, and the tower was renovated as well.

Architecture

This temple has several gopurams and halls, famous of which is, 'Kanaka Sabha', the one with the golden statue of Nataraja. The pillars have carvings of the various manifestations of Shiva and the ceiling has a series of stone chains.

There is a Patti Vinayagar shrine, dedicated to Ganesha. The Arasambalavanar Shrine dedicated to Shiva at the spot where Shiva is believed to have performed his Thandav under a peepul tree. There are also statues of Gajasamhara, Virabhadra, Bikshadana, Oordhva Thandava, Saraswati with Veena. The sacred trees associated with temple are the palm and tamarind trees, called Irava Panai and Pirava Puli.

Culture
Every year the temple celebrates a classical dance week, typically Bharata Natyam. The most prominent and talented dance schools of the city and even some from other cities take turns to awe the audience with their performance. The temple is believed to be one of the places where Shiva is believed to have performed Ananda Thandavam.

Events
Every year in the month of Panguni, Panguni Uthiram is celebrated. As a part of the event grandly made temple car is taken around the nearby streets and celebrated grandly.

Temple Pond

The Pond

The third series of the British children's television series The Story of Tracy Beaker began broadcasting on 25 September 2003 on CBBC and ended on 1 April 2004. The series follows the lives of the children living in the fictional children's care home of Stowey House, nicknamed by them "The Dumping Ground". It consists of twenty-six, fifteen-minute episodes. It is the third series in The Story of Tracy Beaker franchise.

Cast

Dani Harmer (Tracy Beaker), Montanna Thompson (Justine Littlewood), Nisha Nayar (Elaine Boyak), Clive Rowe (Duke Ellington), Lisa Coleman (Cam Lawson), Ciaran Joyce, Ben Hanson, Chloe Hibbert-Waters and James Cartwright all returned to their main roles. Stephen Crossley and Caroline Bunce returned to their guest starring role as Justine's father, Steve Littlewood and his wife, Carrie respectively. Adele Azupadi (Rochelle Gadd), Amber Hearst (Alicia Hooper), Ben Batambuze (Luke Youngblood) & Jenny Edwards (Sharlene White) did not return for this series. Padley, who left the main cast last series, made seven guest appearances. Jack Edwards, Kristal Lau, William Tomlin, Darragh Mortell, Abby Rakic-Platt, Nicola Reynolds and Cara Readle all made their debuts as main characters, Marco Maloney, Hayley, Michael Grice, Liam "Crash" Daniels, Jackie Hopper, Shelly Appleton and Layla respectively. Howell Evans began appearing as a guest character and Jackie's grandfather, Jack and Oliver Llewellyn Jenkins appeared as Wilson for two episodes. This was the last series to feature Cartwright, Padley, Tomlin and Hibbert-Waters. Thompson left her main cast role, but made a guest appearance in series four and a main cast return in the final series. Reynolds also left her main cast role, but returned in the final series. Crossley and Bunce left their guest starring roles, but the characters, Steve and Carrie, returned in the final series, played by Morgan Hopkins and Kathryn Dimery.

Main

Guest

Episodes

Production
Cas Lester left the production team after the previous series and was replaced by the former producer, Jane Dauncey. Dauncey was then replaced

Laws left the Army while still a staff sergeant.

He participated in the 1952 unveiling of the PRR's World War II memorial statue located in 30th Street Station, Philadelphia.

He died at age 68 and was buried in Blair Memorial Park, Bellwood, Pennsylvania.

Medal of Honor citation
Staff Sergeant Laws' official Medal of Honor citation reads:
He led the assault squad when Company G attacked enemy hill positions. The enemy force, estimated to be a reinforced infantry company, was well supplied with machineguns, ammunition, grenades, and blocks of TNT and could be attacked only across a narrow ridge 70 yards long. At the end of this ridge an enemy pillbox and rifle positions were set in rising ground. Covered by his squad, S/Sgt Laws traversed the hogback through vicious enemy fire until close to the pillbox, where he hurled grenades at the fortification. Enemy grenades wounded him, but he persisted in his assault until 1 of his missiles found its mark and knocked out the pillbox. With more grenades, passed to him by members of his squad who had joined him, he led the attack on the entrenched riflemen. In the advance up the hill, he suffered additional wounds in both arms and legs, about the body and in the head, as grenades and TNT charges exploded near him. Three Japs rushed him with fixed bayonets, and he emptied the magazine of his machine pistol at them, killing 2. He closed in hand-to-hand combat with the third, seizing the Jap's rifle as he met the onslaught. The 2 fell to the ground and rolled some 50 or 60 feet down a bank. When the dust cleared the Jap lay dead and the valiant American was climbing up the hill with a large gash across the head. He was given first aid and evacuated from the area while his squad completed the destruction of the enemy position. S/Sgt. Laws' heroic actions provided great inspiration to his comrades, and his courageous determination, in the face of formidable odds and while suffering from multiple wounds, enabled them to secure an important objective with minimum casualties.

See also

List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II

References

Category:1921 births
Category:1990 deaths
Category:People from Altoona, Pennsylvania
Category:American army personnel of World War II
Category:United

The Kirov class hull design was also used for the Soviet nuclear-powered command and control ship SSV-33 Ural.

History
Originally built for the Soviet Navy, the class is named after the first of a series of four ships constructed, , named Kirov until 1992. Original plans called for construction of five ships. The fifth vessel was planned to be named Fleet Admiral of the Soviet Union Kuznetsov, also referred as Dzerzhinsky. The name was later changed to Oktyabrskaya Revolutsiya (October Revolution), and then just Kuznetsov; but on 4 October 1990, plans for construction of a fifth vessel were abandoned.

The lead ship of the class, Kirov (renamed Admiral Ushakov in 1992), was laid down in June 1973 at Leningrad's Baltiysky Naval Shipyard, launched on 27 December 1977 and commissioned on 30 December 1980. When she appeared for the first time in 1981, NATO observers called her BALCOM I (Baltic Combatant I). She is currently in reserve.

Kirov suffered a reactor accident in 1990 while serving in the Mediterranean Sea. Repairs were never carried out, due to lack of funds and the changing political situation in the Soviet Union.

In 1983, a command and control ship, SSV-33 Ural, was launched, although the ship would not be officially commissioned until 1989. She utilized the basic hull design of the Kirov-class vessels, but with a modified superstructure, different armament, and was intended for a different role within the Soviet Navy. Ural was decommissioned and laid up in 2001, due to high operating costs, and is scheduled to be scrapped in 2017.

, the second vessel in the class, was commissioned in 1984. She was assigned to the Pacific Fleet. In 1992, she was renamed Admiral Lazarev. The ship became inactive in 1994 and was decommissioned four years later. She is currently in reserve. On 19 September 2009, General Popovkin, Deputy MOD for Armaments, said the MOD is looking into bringing Admiral Lazarev back into service.

, now Admiral Nakhimov, was the third ship to enter service, in 1988. She was also assigned to the Northern Fleet. Renamed Admiral Nakhimov in 1992, she was mothballed in 1999 and reactivated in 2005. She is undergoing overhaul and modernization at Sever

Spooner was well liked and respected, described as "an albino, small, with a pink face, poor eyesight, and a head too large for his body". It was said that "his reputation was that of a genial, kindly, hospitable man." In the opinion of Roy Harrod, Spooner exceeded all the heads of Oxford and Cambridge colleges he had known "having regard to his scholarship, devotion to duty, and wisdom."

Spooner died on 29 August 1930 and was buried in the cemetery at Grasmere in Cumbria.

Spoonerisms

Spooner has become famous for his (real or alleged) "spoonerisms", plays on words in which corresponding consonants, vowels, or morphemes are switched. Few, if any, of his own spoonerisms were deliberate, and many of those attributed to him are apocryphal. Spooner is said to have disliked the reputation gained for getting his words muddled.

The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations (3rd edition, 1979) lists only one substantiated spoonerism: "The weight of rages will press hard upon the employer." In a 1930 interview, Spooner himself admitted to uttering "Kinkering Congs Their Titles Take" (Conquering Kings...) Spooner called this hymn out from the pulpit in 1879.

Many other quotations, "probable and improbable, were invented" and attributed to Spooner, including:

 "It is kisstomary to cuss the bride" (...customary to kiss the bride)
 "I am tired of addressing beery wenches" (weary benches)
 "Mardon me padam, this pie is occupewed. Can I sew you to another sheet?" (Pardon me, madam, this pew is occupied. Can I show you to another seat?)
 "You have hissed all my mystery lectures, and were caught fighting a liar in the quad. Having tasted two worms, you will leave by the next town drain" (You have missed all my history lectures, and were caught lighting a fire in the quad. Having wasted two terms, you will leave by the next down train)

Spooner is supposed to have committed other absent-minded gaffes. He was said to have invited a don to tea, "to welcome Stanley Casson

Personal
Beveridge was born on 14 July 1986 in Gold Coast, Queensland. He grew up in Mackay and was an avid sports fan taking part in cross county, swimming, water polo and hockey before waking up in 2003 at the age of 17 to discover he was completely paralysed from the chest down. He was later diagnosed with transverse myelitis, a neurological disorder causing inflammation to his spinal cord.

Career
In 2012 after a short stay in hospital, Beveridge fell in love with paralympic sport. This led to Beveridge choosing to take up paratriathlon. Beveridge competes in the PTWC (handcycle/racing wheelchair classification). He first started competing in 2013 making his international debut at the 2013 ITU World Championships in London finishing 17th in the Men's PT1. Competing at the  2014 ITU World Championship Grand Final in Edmonton he finished 9th in the Men's PT1. At the 2015 ITU World Championship Grand Final in Chicago he finished 9th in the Men's PT1.  At the 2016 Rotterdam ITU Paratriathlon World Championships in Rotterdam, he finished 11th in the Men's PT1.

Beveridge is able to compete in triathlon by swimming using his upper body, riding with a recumbent handcycle and completing the run through the use of a racing wheelchair.

Beveridge competed at the 2016 Rio Paralympics Games and placed ninth in Men's PT1 event. Beveridge reflected on his performance in Rio throughout saying "It was the fittest I've ever been and I was happy with how it went." 

At the 2017 ITU World Championships in Rotterdam, Beveridge finished fourth in the Men's PTWC. It was his best ever international performance. At the 2019 ITU World Triathlon Grand Final in Lausanne, he finished ninth in the Men's PTWC.

Recognition 

 2019 - Triathlon Australia Male Paratriathlon Performance of the Year

References

External links
 
 
 
 
 

Category:1986 births
Category:Living people
Category:Australian male triathletes
Category:Paratriathletes of Australia
Category:Paratriathletes at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Category:Commonwealth Games medallists in triathlon
Category:Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Category:Triathletes at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Category:ACT Academy of Sport

 Viral prodrome
 Preherpetic neuralgia
 Rash, transitioning from papules to vesicles to pustules to scabs. The frontal nerve is more commonly affected than the nasociliary nerve or lacrimal nerve.
 Hutchinson's sign: cutaneous involvement of the tip of the nose, indicating nasociliary nerve involvement. A positive Hutchinson's sign increases the likelihood of ocular complications associated with HZO.
 Disseminated distribution in individuals with immunodeficiency.

Cornea

 Epithelial: punctate epithelial erosions and pseudodendrites: often have anterior stromal infiltrates. Onset 2 to 3 days after the onset of the rash, resolving within 2–3 weeks. Common.
 Stromal:
 Nummular keratitis: have anterior stromal granular deposits. Occurs within 10 days of onset of rash. Uncommon
 Necrotising interstitial keratitis: Characterised by stromal infiltrates, corneal thinning and possibly perforation. Occurs between 3 months and several years after onset of rash. Rare.
 Disciform Keratitis (Disciform Endotheliitis): a disc of corneal oedema, folds in Descemet's membrane, mild inflammation evident within the anterior chamber and fine keratic precipitates. Chronic. Occurs between 3 months and several years after the onset of the rash. Uncommon.
 Neurotrophic: corneal nerve damage causes persistent epithelial defect, thinning and even perforation. Cornea becomes susceptible to bacterial and fungal keratitis. Chronic. Late onset. Uncommon.
 Mucous plaques: linear grey elevations loosely adherent to the underlying diseased epithelium/stroma. Chronic. Onset between 3 months and several years after the onset of the rash.

Uveal
Anterior uveitis develops in 40–50% of cases with HZO within 2 weeks of onset of the skin rashes. Typical HZO keratitis at least mild iritis, especially if Hutchinson's sign is positive for the presence of vesicles upon the tip of the nose.

Features:

This non-granulomatous iridocyclitis is associated with:
 Small keratic precipitates
 Mild aqueous flare
 Occasionally haemorrhagic hypopyon
HZO uveitis is associated with complications such as iris atrophy and secondary glaucoma are not uncommon. Complicated cataract may develop in the late stages of the disease.

Treatment
Treatment is usually with antivirals such as acyclovir

History
The Griggsville Landing Lime Kiln is one of the best-preserved periodic lime kilns found in the U.S. state of Illinois. When it was built is unknown but it has been established that it is likely it was constructed in the mid-1850s. Local traditions hold that the Griggsville Landing kiln was used by English stonemason William Hobson. It is said Hobson used the kiln in conjunction with the construction of homes, barns and stone arch bridges in the area during the 19th century.

Kiln technology
The kiln at Griggsville Landing is known as a periodic kiln. The periodic kiln is an older technology which was used in the United States mostly before the Civil War. The technology utilized at Griggsville Landing, however, is far superior to the so-called heap kilns used in lime production.

Heap kilns
A heap kiln is a fairly simple kiln. It is made by stacking alternating layers of wood, for fuel, and limestone blocks on the ground or in a pit. The method is fast but highly inefficient. Despite these drawbacks, the heap kiln was used as means of lime production in association with land clearing operations. Heap kilns inherent flaw lies in the impossibility of burn-quality control in the log heaps. The product that resulted from this method of lime production was often of variable quality and used for little other than fertilizer. Heap kilns were being replaced in the more urban parts of the country as early as 1818.

Periodic kilns
The heap kiln went by the wayside as the periodic kiln came into vogue. Periodic kilns are much more efficient than the log heap kiln that preceded them. The most efficient type of periodic kiln is a stone or brick walled vertical kiln. This walled vertical kiln is what appears at Griggsville Landing. The specific kiln at Griggsville has an opening at the base and at the top, with walls nearly three feet thick. The appearance of the walls of the Griggsville Landing Kiln suggests that they were either dry laid or laid with a mud mortar that has since been dusted away by time. The walls of the vertical kiln at Griggsville Landing rise 17 feet above the forest floor and the inside has a diameter of 13 feet.

Other lime

The United States Department of Energy currently owns  of the original LOOW property, on which the Niagara Falls Storage Site (NFSS) is located.  The NFSS is used for the storage of radioactive materials produced during the development of America's first atom bombs.

Approximately 93 percent of the original LOOW site—currently occupied by homes, a school, a campground, the Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady of Fatima, farms, local and federal government operations, and a toxic waste facility—meets the criteria of a Formerly Used Defense Site, and one portion of the property is listed as a Superfund cleanup site.

History

The War Department purchased  of farmland east of Youngstown, New York, in 1941 as a location to manufacture TNT.  The location was selected because of its proximity to chemical manufacturing plants, to Fort Niagara, to the New York Central Railroad, and to water and electrical power.

The LOOW headquarters were at first located in a vegetable canning factory at the site.

The 149 private landowners living there—mostly farmers and orchard growers—were given 30 days to move out, and most of their 125 farmhouses and 538 barns were torn down or burned.  Some homes located on the periphery of the LOOW boundary were kept.

Construction of the TNT plant began in January 1941, and employed over 7,500 workers.  The production and storage areas occupied approximately  near the center of property, and the remaining  was undeveloped and used as a "buffer zone".  A hospital, dormitories, fire department, power plant, USO hall, water supply system, and waste treatment facility were located at the LOOW, and TNT was manufactured for about 9 months, until the plant was decommissioned in 1943.

Uranium used to produce the first atom bombs from 1942 to 1948 was processed by Linde Air Products in nearby Tonawanda, and in 1944, the Manhattan Engineer District began using the LOOW site for the storage and transshipment of radioactive residues and wastes created through the processing of uranium ore at Linde.

The War Assets Administration had by 1948 sold or transferred  of the original property, and the remaining  were given to the newly formed Atomic Energy Commission.

More than  were sold or transferred between 1955 and 1975, although the area on which the Niagara Falls Storage Site is located remained in the possession of

Critical acclaim
Sanghi has received praises and positive feedback by writers and media. He has also been hailed as the Indian Dan Brown for The Rozabal Line and The Krishna Key, both of which were critically acclaimed as Indian versions of the best-selling The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.

M. V. Kamath says, "One must remember that this is a work of fiction. Provocative, but commanding attention. What is truth? Jesting Pilate is quoted as having asked Jesus. One might as well ask the same question of the author, in jest or in all seriousness. From what he has written it is clear that he will not pause for an answer."

Bibliography and adaptations
 The Rozabal Line: First published under the anagram Shawn Haigins.
 Chanakya's Chant: Available in 4 languages - English, Hindi, Telugu and Tamil.
 The Krishna Key: also available in English, Hindi, Telugu and Tamil.
 Private India: co-written with James Patterson, within the latter's "Private" series.
 13 Steps To Bloody Good Luck.
 Sialkot Saga.
 13 Steps To Bloody Good Wealth
 13 Steps To Bloody Good Marks
 "Private Delhi" co-written with James Patterson
  Keepers Of The Kalachakra.
13 Steps to bloody Good Health
13 Steps to bloody Good Parenting
The Vault of Vishnu

Awards
 The 2010 Vodafone-Crossword Popular Choice Award was awarded to Chanakya's Chant. The award is decided by readers' votes online, and was awarded to the novel for logging the highest sales in 2010.
 Private India made it to UK Top Bestseller List.

See also
 Amish Tripathi
 Ravinder Singh
 Faraaz Kazi
 Nitya Prakash
 Piyush Jha

References

External links

 Official website

Category:1969 births
Category:Living people
Category:Indian thriller writers
Category:Writers from Mumbai
Category:Indian male novelists
Category:St. Xavier's College, Mumbai alumni
Category:Marwari people
Category:Rajasthani people
Category:English-language writers from India
Category:Alternate history writers
Category:Writers of historical mysteries
Category:21st-century Indian novelists
Category:Yale

Background and recording
By 1991, the members of Nomeansno had quit their day jobs and focused on their band, which was developing an increasingly large audience in Europe and North America.  They had finished supporting their most widely acclaimed record, Wrong, the promotional tour for which yielded the live album Live + Cuddly.  They recorded The Sky Is Falling and I Want My Mommy collaboratively with former Dead Kennedys vocalist Jello Biafra earlier in the year before beginning work on the proper follow-up to Wrong.

In July, the band returned to Profile Sound Studios to record with Cecil English.  They tracked 19 songs during the sessions, 11 of which appeared on the final record.  The songs included a mix of hardcore punk, progressive rock, and experimentation, as well as "straightforward swinging grooves" as in the opening song "Now."

All eight of the outtakes were eventually released.  Two tracks, covers of The Subhumans's "Oh Canaduh" and D.O.A.'s "New Age," were issued as a 7-inch record on Allied Recordings later that year.  Another, a cover of the track "Forward to Death," was included on the Dead Kennedys tribute album Virus 100.  The remaining five outtakes were packaged with four demos and released as the 0 + 2 = 1 ½ compilation in 2010.  Each of these five outtakes appeared on subsequent Nomeansno releases: "Cats, Sex, and Nazis" and "I Need You" on Why Do They Call Me Mr. Happy? (1993), "Blinding Light" on Mr. Right & Mr. Wrong: One Down & Two to Go (1994), and "Lost" on The Worldhood of the World (As Such) (1995).

Release
The album was issued on CD, LP, and cassette by Alternative Tentacles in 1991.  To support it, the band toured extensively in North America and Europe.  Guitarist Andy Kerr left the band after the tour to emigrate to the Netherlands, and the band returned to its original two-piece formation of brothers Rob and John Wright.

Nomeansno bought the rights to their back catalogue from Alternative Tentacles in 2002, and reissued 0 + 2 = 1 on CD and double LP in 2007.

Reception

The album was received fairly well by critics.  Writing for Ox Fanzine

|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1990
| Herself
| Best New Artist
|

 Grammis 

|-
| 1990
| rowspan=2|Herself
| Best Female Pop/Rock Artist 
| 
|-
| 1993
| Best Modern Dance
| 
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2013
| The Cherry Thing| Jazz Recording of the Year
|
|-
| 2019
| Broken Politics| Best Electronic/Dance
| 

 Ivor Novello Awards 

|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1990
| "Buffalo Stance"
| International Hit of the Year
|
|-
| 1995
| "7 Seconds"
| International Hit of the Year
|

 MTV Europe Music Awards 

|-
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan="2"|1994
| "7 Seconds"
| Best Song
|
|-
| rowspan="2"|Herself 
| rowspan="2"| Best Female
|
|-
| 1996
|

 MTV Video Music Awards 

|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1989
| "Buffalo Stance"
| Best New Artist
|
|-
| rowspan="2" | 1991
| rowspan="2" | "I've Got You Under My Skin"
| Best Special Effects 
|
|-
| rowspan="2" | Best Female Video
|
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1993
| "Buddy X"
|

 Nordic Music Prize 

|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2014
| Blank Project''
| Album of the Year
|

Rober Awards Music Poll 

|-
| 2012
| "Dream Baby Dream" (with The Thing)
| Best Cover Version
| 
|-
| 2014
| Herself
| Best R&B 
|

Smash Hits Poll Winners Party 

|-
| 1989
| Herself
| Most Promising New Solo Artist 
|

Sweden GAFFA Awards 

|-
| 2019
| Herself
| Årets Soloartist
|

UK Video Music Awards 

|-
| rowspan="2"|2018
|

Plot 
The film tells the story of a man, Ilya Goryunov, who ends up behind bars on a false charge. Once on the outside, he realizes that it is no longer possible to return to his former life for which is his so nostalgic and he decides to take revenge on the man whose fault it was that he ended up in prison. As a result of their meeting, Ilya ends up in possession of the offender’s smartphone and through a series of texts gradually takes his place.

Cast 
 Alexander Petrov as Ilya Goryunov, a student
 Ivan Yankovsky as Pyotr Khazin
 Kristina Asmus as Nina
 Maksim Vinogradov as Seryoga, a friend of Ilya Goryunov
 Sofya Ozerova as Vera, ex-girlfriend Ilya Goryunov
 Sonya Karpunina as employee of the travel Agency
 Kirill Nagiev as Gosha
 Vitaliy Khaev

Production 
The novel Text (ru) by Dmitry Glukhovsky, the author of the Metro 2033 series, was released in 2017 and was later translated into more than 20 languages. Within a week of the release of the book, Glukhovsky received about ten offers of a film adaptation, including from Alexander Rodnyansky and Timur Bekmambetov, who wanted to make a film in the screenlife genre. Offers also came from the United States, Italy and South Korea. On October 21, 2019, Glukhovsky said that in parallel with the Russian company, the rights to the film adaptation were bought by an American company.

Filming 
At the start of filming, Dmitry Glukhovsky offered director Klim Shipenko a script of Text that he already had, to which the director asked for some adjustments. Due to a busy travel schedule, Glukhovsky managed to visit the film set just a few times. He repeatedly met with the director and talked with the actors about their roles and also played a cameo role as a metro passenger in one scene of the film.

Principal photography took place in January - March 2019. Instead of Lobnya, the town of Dzerzhinsky, Moscow Oblast was used for filming, also shooting took place in Moscow and the Maldives. Filming in the Goryunov apartment took place in an ordinary residential building. The

Richfield, Adams County, Wisconsin

Richfield is a town in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 158 at the 2010 census. The ghost town of Pilot Knob was located in the town.

Geography
Richfield is located at  (44.029410, -89.660180).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all of it land.

Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 144 people, 62 households, and 44 families residing in the town. The population density was 4.1 people per square mile (1.6/km²). There were 103 housing units at an average density of 2.9 per square mile (1.1/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 99.31% White, and 0.69% from two or more races.

There were 62 households out of which 16.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.5% were married couples living together, 3.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.0% were non-families. 21.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.64.

In the town, the population was spread out with 18.8% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 34.0% from 45 to 64, and 21.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 132.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 120.8 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $34,792, and the median income for a family was $34,792. Males had a median income of $26,250 versus $19,375 for females. The per capita income for the town was $23,333. There were 14.0% of families and 17.1% of the population living below the poverty line, including 35.0% of under eighteens and 14.3% of those over 64.

References

Category:Towns in Adams County, Wisconsin

Douglas Inman

Douglas Lamar Inman  (July 7, 1920 – February 11, 2016) was a Professor of Oceanography  at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

Born in Guam, the Marianas Islands, he received his B.A in physics/geology in 1942 from California State University, San Diego (now San Diego State University), his M.S. (in 1948) and Ph.D. (in 1953) in oceanography from the University of California, Los Angeles.  His research was done at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, under the direction of Francis Parker Shepard. His dissertation title was Areal and Seasonal Variations in Beach and Nearshore Sediments at La Jolla, California.  He was a professor of marine geology or oceanography in the University of California system since 1953 most recently as  professor of oceanography at the University of California, San Diego and at the Center for Coastal Studies at Scripps.

He received a  Guggenheim Fellowship in 1961,  the International Coastal Engineering Award, American Society of Civil Engineers, 1988, and the ASCE Award for outstanding contributions to the Civil Engineering Profession, American Society of Civil Engineering, Hydrology and Hydraulics Technical Group in  2000.
He was a Fellow of the Geological Society of America (1960), and a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1998).  He was involved with a variety of international organizations and projects including the Middle East Cooperative Study and teaching in Vietnam through UNESCO. He acted as a consultant, expert witness, and arbiter on issues related to coastal oceanography. His research focused on coastal oceanography, sediment transport, waves, effects of waves on beaches, and beach and nearshore processes.

His film, "The Beach: A River of Sand,"  received the  Orbit Award for Best Scientific Teaching Film, International Film Festival, 1967. He died in La Jolla, California at the age of 95 on February 11, 2016.

References

External links
profile at Scripps
Obituary - New York Times

Category:1920 births
Category:2016 deaths
Category:American oceanographers
Category:University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Category:Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Category:Fellows of the Geological Society of America
Category:G

The group was most prominent in the 1970s and 1980s. Since the early 2010s, it has been revived once again with the production of intimate plays like Apekhyat, Rising of the Moon, The Game of Chess, etc. Aikyatan performed a play Coffee Housot Apeksha under the aegis of Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA), Assam chapter on the occasion of its platinum jubilee in 2019 at District Library, Guwahati.

Major Productions
Under Naxa Natya Parishad

1974 --- Maa (Mother) - Written by Bertolt Brecht, direction by Ratna Oza
1974 --- Kolkatar Hemlet - Performed by People's Art Theatre, Kolkata
1974 --- Mrityuhin Pran - Performed by People's Art Theatre, Kolkata
1974 --- 1799 - Performed by People's Art Theatre, Kolkata

Under Aikyatan

1976 --- Dhanani - Written by Ratan Ghosh, direction by Ratna Oza
1977 --- Akonihotor Suwoni Desh (Opera) - Written by Tarun Sarma, direction by Pranjal Saikia
1977 --- Jukti Tarko - Written by Albert Camus, direction by Dulal Roy
1978 --- Janani - Written by Arati Das Boiragi, direction by Govind Gupta
1978 --- Surjastak - Written by C R Das, direction by Govind Gupta
1979 --- Asami Hazir (The Man who thought for himself) - Written by Neil Grant, direction by Aikyatan
1979 --- Sinhashan Khali - Written by Sushil Singha, direction by Krishnamurti Hazarika
1980 --- Panchatantra (Opera) - Direction by Garima Hazarika
1981 --- Hewers of Coal - Written by Joe Corrie, direction by Sanjeev Hazarika
1984 --- Upahar - Written by Sharada Kanta Bordoloi, direction by Aikyatan
1984 --- Chorus - Written & directed by Munin Sharma
1985 --- Ramleela (Shadow Play) - Performed by Uday Shankar School of Dance Music Ballet, Kolkata
1989 --- Night of January 16th - Written by Ayn Rand, direction by Sanjeev Hazarika
1990 --- Potola

Andrea Corbellari

Andrea Gabriel "Andy" Corbellari (born 28 June 1974) is a former Italian international cricketer who represented the Italian national team between 1999 and 2008. He played as a right-arm pace bowler and competent lower-order batsman.

Corbellari was born in Cape Town, South Africa, and learned cricket in that country, playing at junior levels for Western Province teams. He made his debut for Italy in September 1999, in an invitational tournament in Gibraltar. In 2000, Corbellari trialled for Middlesex, an English county team, playing two matches for them in the Second XI Trophy. Later in the year, he also represented Italy in Division One of the European Championship. He top-scored with 32 runs against Scotland, and recorded Italy's best bowling figures against Denmark (3/57) and the Netherlands (1/22).

In 2001, Corbellari was selected in Italy's squad for the 2001 ICC Trophy in Canada. However, only days before its scheduled start, the Italian Cricket Federation announced that it was withdrawing its team to protest a change in rules that made four Italian squad members (including Corbellari) ineligible, despite them being Italian citizens. At the 2002 European Championship, which was not subject to the same eligibility rules, Corbellari was again one of Italy's leading players. He took 4/33 against the Netherlands, helping his team to a rare win over that side, and also took wickets against Ireland and Scotland. Over the next few years, Corbellari represented Italy in two more editions of the European Championship, and also in their unsuccessful attempt to qualify for the 2007 World Cup. At the 2007 World Cricket League Division Three tournament, which was Italy's debut in the World Cricket League, he featured in all five of his team's matches, taking five wickets with a best of 2/29 against Fiji. Corbellari's final international appearances came at the 2008 WCL Division Four tournament in Tanzania. In four matches, he took six wickets, including 2/24 against Tanzania and 2/27 against Fiji.

References

External links
 Player profile and statistics at CricketArchive
 Player profile and statistics at ESPNcricinfo

Category:1974 births
Category:Living people
Category:Italian cricketers
Category:South African cricketers
Category:South African emigrants to Italy
Category:South African people of Italian descent
Category:Sportspeople from

Early life and education
Gekoski was raised in Alexandria, Virginia, where his father, Bernard, worked as an attorney for the Rural Electrification Authority, and his mother Edith was a social worker. He has a sister, Ruth Greenberg. The family moved to Huntington, Long Island in 1954. He graduated from Huntington High School in 1962, and received his B.A. summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania in 1966, where he served as the chairman of the newly formed Student Committee on Undergraduate Education. He was elected to Phi Beta Kappa in 1965. He subsequently took a B.Phil. and D.Phil. in English at Oxford University, where he attended Merton College, Oxford, and won a tennis blue.

Academic career
In 1971 Gekoski joined the English Department at Warwick University, where he was joint convenor of the B.A. degree in philosophy and literature, was promoted to senior lecturer in 1980, and served for some years as chairman of the Faculty of Arts. He resigned from the department in 1984 to open a business as a rare book dealer.

Rare books
The Guardian put Gekoski's book-selling activities succinctly: “Gekoski likes to be around a better class of book than the rest of us and by skill, luck and chutzpah has managed to.”  He has founded two private presses, The Sixth Chamber Press and (with T.G. Rosenthal) The Bridgewater Press, which issue limited editions by well-known writers. His website may be found at www.gekoski.com.

Writer
Gekoski has published a quartet of books which trace his major enthusiasms: football, book dealing, reading, and art. Staying Up, Tolkien’s Gown, Outside of a Dog and Lost, Stolen or Shredded are written in an approachable personal voice, and combine high spirits with wry honesty and modest erudition. Colm Tóibín has called their author “a supreme example of a natural and skilled story teller,” and Tatler described him as the Bill Bryson of the book world. He was a regular contributor to the Guardian on-line Book section, through his column "Finger on the Page," which covered topics from the world of books, including reading, writing, teaching and book-selling.

Broadcaster
Gekoski regularly

Bigipedia differs from Wikipedia in some ways. For example, Bigipedia includes puzzles and competitions, sells its own software, has a range of screensavers, and a section for children called Bigikids, which has had different names in the past which have all had to be changed for different reasons. For example, the name changed from Kidipedia "due to a misunderstanding", Hanging at the School Gates "for reasons you may have seen in the news" and Underage Fun "due to a copyright infringement".

Also, while Wikipedia does not have advertising, Bigipedia does and is also sponsored by a fictional wine-like drink called "Chianto" which is referred to as "this horrific drink". The Bigipedia article on Chianto says: "Over the years it has been sold as a hair remover, self-defence spray, hair restorer, and to farmers as a humane way of killing chickens – by putting it into the pig's feed and leaving the gate open. By morning not only were the chickens killed, but often plucked, too."

The first series ended with Bigipedia attempting to take over the world, having crushed a rebellion in the Philippines and feeding nanobots into the heads of anyone listening to the programme. At the start of the second series, Bigipedia acknowledges that the original Bigipedia, dubbed Bigipedia 1.0 suffered from "security and sentient omniscience issues" and apologises for, "the temporary cyber enslavement of 88% of mankind and the forming of a BigiHuman hybrid hivemind centred in the Philippines", in an incident they refer to as "The Glitch". The site has been updated and is now known as Bigipedia 2.0.

The second series begins with reports of a gigantic Chianto slick in the Gulf of Mexico, a parody of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. At the end of the series, a mix of white and red Chianto in the slick result in the creation of a Chianto "ovum", which hatches at the bottom of the sea as a monstrous party-animal being called the Chianto Leviathan, which makes its way to the Bigipedia servers in Mexico. The Leviathan attempts to gain all the world's knowledge by accessing the system. The programme ends with Bigipedia playing "prerecorded programmes" while they attempt to stop the Leviathan.

Production
The series

In January 2005, Nong joined KV Kortrijk, after a six-month spell at FC Brussels. After featuring regularly for the side he moved to KV Mechelen in July 2007. This is around the same time he secured a lucrative deal with Geox shoes.

On 31 August 2010 Nong joined Standard Liège for a € 1.25 million fee. In January 2012, however, he rescinded his link and agreed to a three and a half year deal with RAEC Mons.

On 7 August 2013 Nong signed a three-year deal with La Liga side Levante UD. He made his debut in the competition on 3 November, replacing Rubén García in the 76th minute of a 0–1 home loss against Granada CF.

After appearing rarely with the Valencian side, Nong was loaned to Recreativo de Huelva on 30 January 2014. He returned to the Granotes in June, and rescinded his link on 1 September.

Iran

Nong signed for Iranian club Foolad in the middle of the 2014–2015 season and played in the AFC Champions League with the team. At the end of the season he left the club and signed with Naft Tehran. Nong scored on 21 September 2015 in a 2–1 loss against Esteghlal at the famous Azadi Stadium. He was sold by Naft mid–way through the season because of financial issues.

Nong joined Tractor for the second half of the 2015–16 season. His contract was not extended and he was released at the end of the season. He spent the first half of the 2016–17 season as a free agent before signing a 6-month contract with Iranian champions Esteghlal Khuzestan on 12 December 2016.

References

External links
 
 
 

Category:1983 births
Category:Living people
Category:Cameroonian footballers
Category:Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Category:Kadji Sports Academy players
Category:KV Mechelen players
Category:Sportspeople from Douala
Category:K.V. Kortrijk players
Category:C.S. Visé players
Category:RFC Liège players
Category:RWDM Brussels FC players
Category:Standard Liège players
Category:R.A.E.C. Mons players
Category:Levante UD footballers
Category:Rec

Alinea is a restaurant in Chicago, Illinois, United States. In 2010, Alinea was awarded three stars from the Michelin Guide. As of December 20, 2017, Alinea is the only Chicago restaurant to retain a three-star status, Michelin's highest accolade.

History 
The restaurant opened on May 4, 2005, and takes its name from the symbol alinea, which is featured as a logo.

In October 2008, chef and owner Grant Achatz and co-author Nick Kokonas published Alinea ( ), a hardcover coffee-table book featuring more than 100 of the restaurant's recipes.

In November 2010, Alinea was awarded three Michelin stars, making it one of only two such restaurants in Chicago at the time, along with L2O.

In January 2016, the Alinea Group, the owner of Alinea, bought Moto restaurant in Chicago.

On January 1, 2016, Alinea closed temporarily for renovations. The restaurant planned to operate pop-up restaurants worldwide before reopening on May 20, 2016 after an extensive remodel and a complete overhaul of the menu.

Awards
Alinea received the AAA Five Diamond Award, the highest level of recognition given by the AAA, from 2007 to 2017. It  ranked ninth  on the S. Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurants List, second only to Eleven Madison Park in the US. As of 2017, Alinea is the only Michelin Guide 3-star restaurant in Chicago. Alinea received the 2016 James Beard Foundation Award for Outstanding Restaurant.

On June 14, 2016, Alinea was ranked 15th among the World's 50 Best Restaurants, an increase of 11 spots from 2015. In October 2016, TripAdvisor named it the number one fine dining restaurant in the United States, and one of the 10 best restaurants in the world.

In the 2017 list of the World's 50 Best Restaurants, Alinea was ranked 21st in the world.

Gallery

See also
 List of Michelin three starred restaurants
 Next (restaurant)

References

External links

 
 youtube.com 24 Hours at Alinea
 Spinning Plates, 2012 documentary features three unique restaurants and their respective owners including those of Alinea

Category:Restaurants in Chicago
Category:Michelin Guide starred restaurants in the United States
Category:Molecular gastronomy
Category:

Betts v. Brady, 316 U.S. 455 (1942), was a landmark United States Supreme Court case that denied counsel to indigent defendants when prosecuted by a state. It was famously overruled by Gideon v. Wainwright.

Background 
In its decision in Johnson v. Zerbst, the Supreme Court had held that defendants in federal courts had a right to counsel guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment. In Powell v. Alabama, the Court had held that state defendants in capital cases were entitled to counsel, even when they could not afford it; however, the right to an attorney in trials in the states was not yet obligatory in all cases as it was in federal courts under Johnson v. Zerbst. In Betts v. Brady, Betts was indicted for robbery and upon his request for counsel, the trial judge refused, forcing Betts to represent himself. He was convicted of robbery, a conviction he eventually appealed to the Supreme Court on the basis that he was being held unlawfully because he had been denied counsel.

Procedure 
He filed writ of habeas corpus at the Circuit Court for Washington County, Maryland claiming he had been denied counsel and then filed a petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland (the Maryland ultimate appellate court). His petitions were all denied and he finally filed for certiorari to the Supreme Court.

Issue 
In a 6-3 decision, the Court found that Betts did not have the right to be appointed counsel with Justice Hugo Black emphatically dissenting. In the majority opinion, Justice Owen Roberts said for the Court,

In this selection from the majority opinion and throughout the rest of the opinion, Roberts continually makes the point that not all defendants in all cases will need the assistance of counsel in order to receive a fair trial with due process. Roberts appears to be of the opinion that, while counsel may be necessary to receive a fair trial in some cases, it is not in all cases. However, in his dissent, Black wrote,

Black said in his dissent that the denial of counsel based on financial stability makes it so that those in poverty have an increased chance of conviction, which is not equal protection of the laws under the Fourteenth Amendment. During his dissent, Black cited also Johnson v. Zerbst, making the point that had the proceedings of Betts's case been held in federal court, his petition for counsel to be appointed to him would have been accepted and counsel would have been appointed. Black argued that because

He served through the later campaigns of Napoleon, 1809–1814, and was promoted to major in 1814 for gallant conduct. Unlike his father he was a cavalryman, and after retirement during the early years of the Restauration held command of the cavalry school at Saumur (1822–1830) and was inspector-general of cavalry (1836–1848).

Oudinot is chiefly known as the commander of the French expedition that besieged and took Rome in 1849, crushing the short-lived revolutionary Roman Republic and re-establishing the temporal power of Pope Pius IX, under the protection of French arms. His brief published account presents the French view of the events. After Louis Napoleon's coup d'état of 2 December 1851, when he took a prominent part in the resistance in favour of the Second Republic, he retired from military and political life, though remaining in Paris.

Beside the brief memoir of his Italian operations in 1849, he wrote several works of more specialized interest, on military ranks and orders, the use of soldiers in constructing public works and cavalry and its proper housing: Aperçu historique sur la dignité de marechal de France (1833); Considérations sur les ordres militaires de Saint Louis, &c. (1833); "De L'Italie et de ses Forces Militaires" (1835);  L'Emploi des troupes aux grands travaux d'utilité publique (1839); De la Cavalerie el du casernement des troupes à cheval (1840); Des Remontes de l'armée (1840).

References

Category:1791 births
Category:1863 deaths
Category:People from Bar-le-Duc
Charles
Category:Politicians from Grand Est
Category:Party of Order politicians
Category:Members of the 6th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Category:Members of the 7th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Category:Members of the 1848 Constituent Assembly
Category:Members of the National Legislative Assembly of the French Second Republic
Category:French generals
Category:French military writers
Category:French military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Category:French people of the Revolutions of 1848
Category:Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Category:Commanders

Nineteenth-century baseball law

Both the early rules (which act as the laws of the game) and the legal cases surrounding the sport impact the way baseball is played to this day. Documentation of early baseball law exists but has been rarely studied. Nonetheless its presence in legal disputes and records indicate that it was an important part of life prior to the year 1900. In fact, references to baseball are present in 168 legal cases decided before the turn of the twentieth century.

"Blue" laws

In America’s past, “blue” laws prohibited business from taking place on the Sabbath. This was an issue for baseball teams who were playing for spectators on Sundays. On April 30, 1891, Tim O’Rourk and 19 others were the subject of a criminal complaint that pertained to them playing baseball for an audience of about 3,000 in Lincoln Park the previous Sunday. The case of State v. O’Rourk ensued.

It was illegal at the time for anyone over age 14 “engage in sporting” on a Sunday. The penalty for which was “a fine of $20, incarceration for 20 days, or both.” The accused argued that baseball didn’t fall under the category of “sport” and that they were remotely located enough so as not to have offended those observing the Sabbath. The presiding judge dismissed the case on those grounds. However, Chief Justice Maxwell of the Nebraska Supreme Court disagreed.

This case showed that there was a growing class of people willing to depart from tradition and attend a baseball game on a Sunday. It also indicates that there were those who adamantly resisted such change.

Star players

“Free agency” did not exist as it does today in baseball until the 1970s. Instead, players were bound to their teams by something called the “reserve clause. John “Monte” Ward was the first to oppose this in November 1889. He was a star player for the National League’s New York Giants, but was also an author and lawyer.

The “reserve” clause did not specify terms of contract, salary or agreements between player and teams. A judge ultimately ruled that with such fundamental questions left unanswered, the clause could not reasonably be enforced.

This was the first case of many that ruled in favor of the individual player rather than the team. It allowed star players more choices and the ability to use competition to increase their value.

Baseball Rule

In 1913

Westport House also has a Pirate Adventure Park with a Pirate Ship thrill ride, Pirates' Plunge flume ride, mini Railway, white swan pedal boats, cannonball run slippery slide, Pirate's Den indoor soft play area, dungeons, Pirate's Playground, pitch and putt, fishing, Gracy's Bar and Cafe and a large Caravan and Camping Park set in secluded woodland.

Designed by the architects Richard Cassels and James Wyatt in the 18th century, Westport House is located west of the Shannon. It is situated in a parkland setting with a lake, terraces, and garden views overlooking Clew Bay, the Atlantic Ocean, Achill, Clare Island and Ireland's Holy Mountain, Croagh Patrick. It was built and was owned by the Browne family, who are direct descendants of the 16th-century pirate queen Gráinne O'Malley.

The Brownes sold Westport House to the Hughes family, a local business family in Westport, on 17 January 2017, ending an association with Westport House lasting hundreds of years. The Hughes family plan to spend €50 million on refurbishment, which wll create over 200 new jobs on the grounds of Westport House and the Hotel this will include accommodation on the 450-acre site. This investment will bring a major boost to the town and the wider Mayo area.

National Asset Management Agency (NAMA) and sale

In 2007, the privately owned estate received a grant of 1.314M Euros for repairs to Westport House, from the state funded Heritage Council.

In October 2015, it was revealed that the Westport House Estate was in NAMA for debts secured on the  estate, but not the house, for almost 10 million Euros. In January 2017, Westport House was sold to the Hughes family of Westport.

Slavery links

The house was built for and owned by the Browne family, some of whom were wealthy slave and plantation owners in Jamaica. A prominent slave-owning head of the family was The 2nd Marquess of Sligo and his wife, Lady Sligo (Lady Hester Catherine de Burgh). The 2nd Marquess served as Governor of Jamaica from 1834 to 1836.

An exhibition at Westport House styles The 2nd Marquess of Sligo as 'Champion of the Slaves', a

With his own company in the 1970s, Mead spent about a third of his time in Europe, primarily to provide designs and illustrations for Philips, and he continued to work for international clients. Through the 1970s and 1980s, Mead and his company provided architectural renderings, both interior and exterior, for clients including Intercontinental Hotels, 3D International, Harwood Taylor & Associates, Don Ghia, Gresham & Smith and Philip Koether Architects.

Beginning in 1983, Mead developed working relationships with Sony, Minolta, Dentsu, Dyflex, Tiger Corporation, Seibu, Mitsukoshi, Bandai, NHK and Honda.

Mead's one-man shows began in 1973 with an exhibit at documenta 6 in Kassel, West Germany. His work was later exhibited in Japan, Italy, California and Spain. In 1983, Mead was invited by Chrysler Corporation to be a guest speaker to its design staff. He created a series of slides to provide visuals to the lecture, and the resulting presentation was a success. It was later expanded and enhanced with computer-generated images specifically created at the requests of several clients, including Disney, Carnegie Mellon University, Purdue University, Pratt Institute and the Society of Illustrators. In March 2010, Mead completed a four-city tour of Australia.

In 1993, a digital gallery consisting of 50 examples of his art with interface screens designed by him became one of the first CD-ROMs released in Japan. In 2004, Mead co-operated with Gnomon School of Visual Effects to produce a four-volume "how-to" DVD series titled Techniques of Syd Mead.

In 2018, Mead published his autobiography, titled A Future Remembered. Regarding his work, Mead said, "the idea supersedes technique," and that "I've called science fiction 'reality ahead of schedule.'"

In film

Mead worked with major studios on the feature films: Star Trek: The Motion Picture, Blade Runner, Tron, 2010, Short Circuit, Aliens, The Spirit of '76, Timecop, Johnny Mnemonic, Mission: Impossible III, Elysium, Tomorrowland and Blade Runner 2049. George Lucas created the AT-AT for his Star Wars saga based on art by Mead. Mead also contributed to the Japanese film Solar Crisis. In the 1990s, Mead supplied designs for two Japanese anime series, Turn A

History
The station began as WITN-FM, and by the late 1970s was a Top 40 station known as Rock 93, airing TM's automated "Stereo Rock" format. The station was owned by William Riley "Bill" Roberson Jr. and operated along with sister station WITN-AM as the Tar Heel Broadcasting System. Roberson also owned the local TV station, WITN- TV 7 and numerous other local properties such as the Dr. Pepper bottling plant, and Washington Square Mall.  Around 1984, Roberson retired and began divesting these properties, selling some but leaving his son in law, Charles Zoph Potts and William Riley Roberson III in charge of WITN-AM and FM. Potts and Roberson took the FM station to a live format in 1985, and changed to the 93DLX moniker, also known as the Hot FM.  In 1991 the station went to a soft AC format.  On 2/19/96 the calls became WERO. and went to Classic Hits format as Arrow 93.3.

Also in 1996, major changes took place as Potts and Roberson sold their interest in the station to Pinnacle Broadcasting, which in 1999 became NextMedia Group.

In 1998 it dropped the Arrow and became known as WERO a 50-50 mix of the 80s and 90s, mixing in more of an AAA format, all during this time it had some association with WITN-TV.  In 1999 it switched to Bob 93.3 and plays Top 40 music.

In 2004, NextMedia consolidated its radio operations to one central location in New Bern, North Carolina, as this station left behind the building just south of Washington where it had broadcast from since the 1950s.

In 2010, WERO operated on reduced power for a while as the station replaced an antenna that was 30 years old, an action which will increase the station's signal range.

NextMedia sold WERO and their 32 other radio stations to Digity, LLC for $85 million; the transaction was consummated on February 10, 2014.

Effective February 25, 2016, Digity and its 124 radio stations were acquired by Alpha Media for $264 million.

Some of the disc jockeys/ on air personalities over the course of the stations history have been Gary Jackson, Sam Reynolds, Jack Boston, Alan Handleman, Shel Bynum, Colleen Jackson, Tom

Mitch Larsen receives a call on the garage phone. A bank employee informs her that a check has bounced and there are not enough funds in the family's savings account to cover it. Stunned by the news, Mitch begins to study the family’s business and financial statements.

A campaign intern (Diana Bang) reveals to the campaign staff a video clip of Darren Richmond shaking Rosie's hand. Jamie Wright (Eric Ladin) tells Gwen Eaton (Kristin Lehman) that they should not make the video's existence known, even to Richmond. Later, alone, Eaton stares at a screenshot of Richmond (Billy Campbell) and Rosie (Katie Findlay).

The next morning, Linden runs along the waterfront and hears a ferryboat's horn. A nearby signboard displays the vessel's name, Adela, and schedule, which includes an 11:45 p.m. departure. On Puget Sound, she stands on the Adelas top deck. As the ferry approaches its destination, a sign for the Wapi Eagle Casino comes into view. The casino's logo matches the key chain found with Rosie's body.

Production
In an interview with Mina Hochberg at AMCTV.com, Brendan Sexton III, spoke about the interrogation scenes of his character, Belko Royce: "It was a lot of fun. Joel [Kinnaman] likes to throw his weight around when he can, so I got pretty banged up during one of the takes. I just laughed about it afterward." When asked how he was "banged up," Sexton replied, "Joel roughed me up and threw me into the chair and I didn't land correctly. There was a stunt coordinator and I'm grateful he was there, but we wanted to do our own thing. We wanted to choreograph it ourselves. I have enough trust in Joel and he has enough trust in me that he won't hurt me."

Reception
“I’ll Let You Know When I Get There” received mixed reviews. The A.V. Club's Meredith Blake rated this episode a C+, saying "I feel as though [the] show has already violated some tacit, unspoken agreement with its audience: it led us down a long path to a dead end, without giving us much in exchange for our time." Sean McKenna of TV Fanatic rated the episode 4 out of 5 stars, commenting "Hopefully

Donna Cenerina is the nickname attached to Cassandra Marinoni of Milan, wife of marquis Diofebo II Meli Lupi, who was assassinated in this castle by her brother-in-law Giulio Anguissola in 1573. Legend claims her ghost still haunts the castle.

Description
The castle has a symmetrical, roughly squared plan. At the four corners are quadrangular towers. Another, narrower tower (added in the 17th century) is located at the entrance. A moat, now waterless, protects the three frontal sides. A structure in the rear area connects a tower to the S. Croce Chapel, in turn connected at a smaller fortress, the Fortino Neogotico. The latter is accompanied by a small lake surrounded by grottoes and Baroque statues.

The main façade, in brickwork, is accessed through a small bridge build in the 17th century replace the former drawbridge. Two lions are placed at the side of the bridge's side walls. The central tower has a large window and balcony, above which is a small arch featuring the Meli Lupi coat of arms.

In the interior, some rooms are open to the public: 
Red Room, with 6 paintings by il Brescianino and portraits of the present owners Giampaolo Meli Lupi and his wife Ottavia Rossi
Antique Billiard Room, whose walls are decorated with family portraits, among them, the portrait of Donna Cinerina
Dragon stairs that go up to the second floor
Room of the Strong Women
Sala Baglione, with the Grotesque style frescoes integrating heraldic images (17th-century) done by Cesare Baglione
Golden Water Closet with the wooden ceiling (1701) by Giuseppe Bosi
Plaster Room, with the frescoed ceiling depicting the Apotheosis of the Meli-Lupi Family by Francesco and Ferdinando Galli-Bibiena
Gallery with the frescoes depicting the noble birth of the family (1696) by Francesco Galli-Bibiena, and a fresco of an Assumption by Ilario Spolverini
Gallery of the nuns with 17th-century portraits of the Farnese family.

At the centre of the castle is a porticoed courtyard with Ionic columns. The

Little is written of the role of Brianda Pereira, except by Ângela Pereira (Brianda had a sister who had this name), an anonymous author who wrote:
There lived there one Bartolomeu Lourenço with wife and children; a woman walked in body, being noble woman and girl, and her husband, rich farmer among the people of the land, who had escaped the hands of them [the Spanish soldiers] looking after her husband...The poor woman was crazy, and armed soldiers had taken possession of her home and all their possessions.
Having seen her house burnt down and husband imprisoned and hurt, and her factory in the hands of soldiers, she escaped. She began encouraging the Portuguese to war, and as a young, noblewoman and honourable, she did not want to gather with other women in the Church of São João.

It was from this description, even as the accounts of Friar Pedro de Frias did not mention them, that the mythification of the heroine began. The construction of the myth was attributed to Francisco Ferreira Drummond, whose Anais da Ilha Terceira reinforced the oral tradition of his native home:
...where it was found, and still exists, the estate, or house, of Bartolomeu Lourenço, landed gentry, where he lived with his wife Brianda Pereira, noblewoman and beautiful girl, with whom he had children. It seems her beauty in the early years was a curiosity to the Castilians, because hers was the first prey that they wanted to sack from her house. Happily, this new Lucrecia escaped the hands of the proud Tarquins that intended to take her, her son and husband as prisoners (who was seriously injured). ; Finding themselves already masters of the house, and all that was therein, they pillaged, destroyed and convulsed to their will the furniture, finally setting the wheat in the thrashing circle.

It is believed that Brianda Pereira was the author of the strategy to send a stampede of cattle towards Castilian troops. José Joaquim Pinheiro, in his Épocas Memoráveis da Ilha Terceira, referred to Brianda Pereira:
...showed her manly spirit, she armed the women who had gone to war with their husbands and children, persuading them with arguments of a virtuous wife and mother unveiled the Terceira people, took their gender to carry on

Selected bibliography

Novels 
 1907 : Les Fatidiques, Edition du « Monde Illustré ».
 1909 : Tu seras roi, Librairie des Annales.
 1911 : Contes Réels et Fantaisistes, Edition du « Monde Illustré ».
 1925 : L'Homme à l'Hispano, Editions le Festin.
 1926 : L'Eau du Nil, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1928 : Deux fois vingt ans, Plon.
 1929 : La Côte des Dieux, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1929 : Auprès de ma blonde..., Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1930 : Béatrice devant le désir, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1931 : Le Voleur de femmes, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1931 : Iris perdue et retrouvée, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1932 : Zigoël, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1933 : De l'Amour à l'Amour, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1933 : La femme de Iakof, Editions Emile-Paul Frères.
 1934 : Isabelle et les préjugés, Editions Baudinière.
 1934 : Cette femme qui fut divine..., Editions Baudinière.
 1935 : Quand le diable s'en mêle..., Editions Baudinière.
 1935 : Le Lieutenant de Gibraltar, Editions Baudinière.
 1935 : Le Lieutenant de Gibraltar, Librairie Plon.
 1936 : Port-Arthur, Librairie Plon.
 1938 : Le Volontaire, Librairie Plon.
 1941 : Ce que Bodley m'a ranconté, Librairie Plon.
 1942 : Montmartre, Editions Baudinière.

Theater 
Performances
 La Femme et le Pantin, a play in 4 acts by Pierre Louÿs and Pierre Frondaie, Paris, Théâtre Antoine, December 8, 1910
 Blanche Câline, a play in 3 acts, Théâtre Michel, 
 La Maison cernée, a play in 4 acts, Thé

Aleksandr Evgenyevich Maltsev () (born 22 June 1995) is a Russian synchronised swimmer, two-times World champion and four-times European champion. He was recognized as the best male artistic swimmer in 2015 and 2017 by FINA. He is a pioneer in Russian artistic swimming.

Career
Maltsev was enrolled by his mother in a synchronized swimming group at a local sports school in St. Petersburg when he was 7. At the time, they accepted everyone, boys and girls. At age of 10, Maltsev was selected for the St. Petersburg municipal team and at 15, he was training with Russia's female synchronized swimmers for the first time. Despite being the only male synchronized swimmer in the national team, Maltsev continued to pursue his career even with attempts to divert his attention to water polo and diving. He continued to train his favorite sport even though many people did not understand or support his desires.

In 2014, FINA officially approved of adding mixed-gender events in synchronized swimming and diving under its banner after a vote at the Extraordinary Congress in Doha (Qatar). Maltsev began pairing up with Darina Valitova. They competed at the Italian Open Test in Mixed Duet free where they took gold medals.

At the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Maltsev/Valitova represented Russia at the inaugural Mixed Duet in synchronized swimming, after leading the preliminaries in Mixed Duet technical, they finished second in the finals losing just 0.2122 points to Americans Bill May and Christina Jones. They avenged their loss by winning the gold in Mixed Duet free with a score of 91.7333 points ahead of May/Lum.

Maltsev partnered with Mikhaela Kalancha at the 2016 European Championships; where they won gold in mixed free and technical routines. In November 2016, pair Maltsev/Kalancha performed the newly-composed Swan Lake at the 11th FINA Synchronized Swimming World Trophy in Yangzhou (China) and won the title in 92.6000 points.
The next year, they took part in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, and won gold and silver in the mixed free and technical routines respectively.

In 2018, he began partnering with Mayya Gurbanberdieva. Their duet took gold medals in free routine of two steps of the FINA Artistic Sw

There were 1,671 housing units at an average density of 2,270.5 per square mile (876.6/km²), of which 1,095 (70.0%) were owner-occupied, and 470 (30.0%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 2.1%; the rental vacancy rate was 10.6%.  2,807 people (64.1% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 1,564 people (35.7%) lived in rental housing units.

2000
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,216 people, 1,569 households, and 1,168 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was 5,747.9 people per square mile (2,229.9/km²).  There were 1,615 housing units at an average density of 2,201.8 per square mile (854.2/km²).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 79.32% White, 2.92% African American, 1.04% Native American, 4.27% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 6.74% from other races, and 5.69% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 19.00% of the population.

There were 1,569 households out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were married couples living together, 18.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.12.

In the CDP, the population was spread out with 29.0% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 87.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $49,940, and the median income for

Powder-actuated tool

A powder-actuated tool (often generically called a Hilti gun or a Ramset gun after their manufacturing companies) is a type of nail gun used in construction and manufacturing to join materials to hard substrates such as steel and concrete. Known as direct fastening, this technology relies on a controlled explosion created by a small chemical propellant charge, similar to the process that discharges a firearm. 

Powder-actuated tools come in high-velocity and low-velocity types. In high-velocity tools, the propellant charge acts directly on the fastener in a process similar to a firearm. Low-velocity tools introduce a piston into the chamber. The propellant acts on the piston, which then drives the fastener into the substrate. (The piston is analogous to the bolt of a captive bolt pistol.) A tool is considered low velocity if the average test velocity of the fastener is not in excess of  with no single test having a velocity of over . High-velocity tools may not be made or sold in the United States; however, some made decades ago are still in use in the shipbuilding and steel industries. The main manufacturers of powder actuated tools are Ramset, Hilti, Powers/DeWalt, Tomarco and Simpson Strong Tie. 

Powder-actuated fasteners are made of special heat-treated steel. Common nails are not used for powder-actuated fastenings. There are many specialized fasteners designed for specific applications in the construction and manufacturing industries. 

Powder-actuated technology was developed for commercial use during the Second World War, when high-velocity fastening systems were used to temporarily repair damage to ships. In the case of hull breaches, these tools fastened steel plates over damaged areas. These tools were developed by Mine Safety Appliances, for the United States Navy. Powder-actuated tools were investigated and used prior to this development; they were used in submarine hunting during the First World War and were the subject of a 1921 United States patent (US Patent No. 1365869).

Use 

Fasteners take various forms, for example with threaded ends to use as an embedded bolt, with washers at the tips that grip softer material etc. Fasteners used in powder-actuated tools are manufactured from special steel and heat-treated to produce a very hard yet ductile fastener. Those properties are necessary for the fastener to penetrate concrete or steel without breaking.



History
In 1860, control of the Long Island Company was transferred to Thomas J. Dunbar of Boston.  The plan to develop this island was thwarted by the rumors of war and plans for military installations on Long Island Head and other parts of the island.  Camp Wightman was established on Long Island. The Commander was General Devens who used the Long Island House as his headquarters building.  This military post was named after Mayor Wightman of Boston.  On April 17, 1861, the 3rd Massachusetts Regiment departed Long Island along with the 4th Massachusetts Regiment, sailing to Fort Monroe, Virginia.  These famous regiments were credited with destroying the navy yard at Norfolk, Virginia, and fought the Virginians at Hampton.  On their return from the South, the 3rd Massachusetts Regiments were mustered out after four days in camp here.  The men of the 4th Massachusetts Regiment were the first northern troops to march on Virginia soil during the Civil War.  They also fought at Big Bethel.  The 4th Massachusetts Regiment was also mustered out at Camp Wightman on Long Island.

During April and May 1861, Thomas Cass, formerly commander of the Massachusetts militia organization known as the Columbian Artillery, recruited the 9th Massachusetts Regiment. This regiment was composed almost totally of Irishmen. Cass became the first regimental Colonel. The 9th Massachusetts Regiment was conscripted from Salem, Marlboro, and Stoughton. The regiment arrived at Camp Wightman aboard the "Nellie Baker" on May 12, 1861 as part of the 13th Massachusetts Infantry. Training was completed through May and part of June. On June 11, there were mustered into the U.S. Army as the 9th Massachusetts Regiment.  Company A was known as the "Columbian Guards."  Company B took the name of the "Otis Guards," named after Mrs. Harrison Gray Otis. Company C was called the "Douglas Guards," after Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois. Later, this company became known as the "Meager Guards" taking the name of General Thomas Francis Meager of the Army of the Republic, an Irish orator.  Company E was called the "Cass Light Guards" after Colonel Thomas Cass.  Company F was named the "Fitzgerald Guards" after the Irish Patriot, Lord Edward Fitzgerald.  Company G was from Marlboro and took the name, "Wolftone Guards" after Theobald Wolfe Tone.  

Events

January 
 1 January – Free Scotland Party formed, favouring Scottish independence from both the United Kingdom and the European Union.
 January – a 428 million-year-old fossil Pneumodesmus found at Stonehaven is identified as the world's oldest-known creature to have lived on land.

February 
 16 February – Edwin Morgan becomes Scotland's first ever official national poet, The Scots Makar, appointed by the Scottish Parliament.

March 
 16 March – Fifteen-year-old Kriss Donald is abducted, tortured and murdered by a Pakistani gang in a racially motivated attack in Glasgow.

May 
 9 May – "Loch Fyne accord": an informal discussion in the car park of the Loch Fyne Oyster Bar near Cairndow between John Prescott (Deputy Prime Minister) and Gordon Brown is supposed to have agreed the latter's succession to Tony Blair as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
 11 May – Stockline Plastics factory explosion: four people die in an explosion at a factory in Glasgow.
 May – "The Bruce Tree" at Strathleven in West Dunbartonshire, an oak once in the ownership of Robert the Bruce, falls as a result of arson.

June 
 6 June – Sixtieth anniversary of D-Day. Last minute pressure forces First Minister of Scotland Jack McConnell to attend commemorations.

July 
 22 July – The Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act, which breaks the link between the number of Scottish MPs and the number of MSPs, receives Royal Assent.

August 
 18 August – Landslide in Glen Ogle.

September 
 3 September – Alex Salmond wins the Scottish National Party leadership election, succeeding John Swinney

October 
 9 October – Scottish Parliament Building in Edinburgh, designed by Enric Miralles, is formally opened.
 17 October – Three men are murdered in a flat in Crosshill, Glasgow by Edith McAlinden along with her seventeen-year-old son and his friend. The crime is dubbed "The House of Blood murders".

November 
 18 November – Daanish Zahid becomes the first person to be convicted of racially motivated murder in Scotland, for killing Kriss Donald.

Births 
 Full date unknown – Jack Henderson, artist and charity fundraiser

Deaths 
 27 January – Rikki Fulton, comedian (born 1924)
 1

The All-Latvian Song Festival has been held since 1873, normally every five years, with the Latvian Dance Festival component added in 1948. During the festivals exhibitions of photography, art and folk craft, orchestra concerts, and a festive parade also take place. Events and competitions leading up to the event occur throughout the period between festivals. Additional festivals were held in 2001 and 2011, both on major anniversaries of the founding of Riga.

Approximately 40,000 performers altogether participate in the event. Folk songs and classical choir songs are sung, with emphasis on a cappella singing, though modern popular songs have recently been incorporated into the repertoire as well.

Since 1960, a distinct Latvian School Youth Song and Dance Festival () is held in an alternate five-year cycle, on a matching scale.

History
The tradition of song festivals originated in the first half of the 19th century in many European countries and later was also organized by the Baltic Germans. The first steps taken in Latvian environment was during the song days in Dikļi in 1864, which led to the resounding of a full-scale song festival in Riga during the summer of 1873. 1,003 singers and 30 orchestra players participated in the first festival. Only once has the festival been held outside Riga, in Jelgava in 1895.

After the Soviet occupation of Latvia in 1940 and World War II, festivals were continued in the Latvian SSR, heavily influenced by Soviet ideology and used to praise the occupation regime, with the festival being held every 5 years on important anniversaries of the nation's forced accession as a Union Republic, while the festival was held in 1973 to mark its centennial anniversary and in 1977 to mark the diamond jubilee of the October Revolution, both events connected to the centennial commemorations of The First Latvian National Awakening. During the occupation the festival tradition was continued in exile, first in displaced persons camps after World War II, primarily in the western zones in Germany, then in the United States, Canada, and Australia, with many of the legendary conductors of the past taking part during those years alongside the later generations of conductors they trained. The Overseas Song and Dance Festival is currently held every four years, alternating between the United States and Canada.

The 1985 edition would be notable for the grand finale concert in which the legendary hymn The Castle of Light (Gaismas pils) conducted by

During The Troubles, the building sustained damage from at least two bomb attacks including an IRA bomb on 13 January 1976 which also killed two civilians and the two bombers. The building subsequently fell into decay.

In May 1990 the building gained Grade B1 listed status. During the 1990s, in part due to low rent prices for shop units, a number of artists and creative organisations made their home in the arcade. By the early 2000s the building had developed into a creative hub, including a café, record shop, recording studio and the offices of the Cathedral Quarter Arts Festival, among others.

In 2004, the building was owned by William Ewart Properties, who had plans in the area for a new £120-million retail development.

2004 fire
On 17 April 2004, the building was subject to an arson attack using incendiary devices, which destroyed all of the business units inside. 23 businesses were directly affected by the blaze. No people were injured as a result, however all the animals inside a pet shop were reportedly killed. According to BBC reports, members of the arts organisation Factotum were still present in the building up to an hour before the fire broke out.

The fire destroyed the floor and glass roof, but as of 2014 the basic structure of the units remained intact.

A number of suspects were questioned by police in relation to the incident, but no one has been prosecuted for the attack.

Redevelopment plans

Before the fire, new plans were already under development in the area, and the owners of the North Street Arcade had drawn up a proposal in 2003. These plans were reviewed by the Northern Ireland Department for Social Development (DSD) against their Regeneration Policy Statement (RPS) for Belfast city centre, published July 2003 and adopted April 2004, and found not to be meeting the required objectives of the document.

As a result in 2005 the DSD published a masterplan for the area, developed in conjunction with Drivers Jonas and Benoy. This provided guidance for potential developers of the area, and two concept plans: one which retained only the façades of North Street Arcade (Option 1) and another which also retained the original alignment of the building (Option 2).

The subsequent development proposals for the "Royal Exchange", later renamed "North East Quarter" and then "Tribeca Belfast", produced initially by Ewart Properties and then by new owner Castlebrooke Investments, met with strong opposition from

The Trident Rugby Football Club is a Miami, Florida based men's rugby union team. Since its founding in 1973, the Tridents have been the preeminent Miami rugby club. The Tridents compete within the Florida Rugby Union and currently field a competitive top division team as well as competitive second and developmental teams.

Following an undefeated 2015/16 regular season, winning by an average margin of 30 points per game (a Florida Rugby Record), the Tridents entered the Florida Rugby Playoffs as the top seed. A 72-10 semifinal win over Jacksonville secured the Tridents a berth in the State Finals against Naples RFC. On April 16, at the state rugby championship in Wellington, FL, the Tridents defeated Naples 28 to 0 to become the State of Florida Top Division Champions. Since then the Tridents have gone on to win consecutive back to back Championships in 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019 in the Florida Premier Division.

History
The Trident Rugby Football Club was founded in 1973, by a group of players from the University of Miami Men’s Rugby club. The UM rugby club, formed four years earlier, had grown too large, and the lack of playing time prompted these players to meet in the spring of 1973 to establish their own, independent club; the Tridents.

The Tridents' first match was in the summer of 1973 against the rugby team of , a warship of the Royal Navy that regularly called at the Port of Miami. The Tridents lost the contest 0 to 15. That same autumn, the Tridents played in their first divisional match, a winning effort against Naples RFC. Subsequently, the Tridents lost their second divisional fixture to UM RFC and ended their inaugural season 1-1.

On Wednesday, September 7, 2016 the Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez alongside Commissioner Jose "Pepe" Diaz recognized the team following an undefeated season by proclaiming September 7th "Trident Rugby Football Club Day" in Miami-Dade County. A great honor that was followed by the first ever lineout performed inside City Hall.

Today, the Tridents continue to play rugby in Miami as a member of the Florida Rugby Union.

Practices
During regular season, usually October through April, practices are held at Ben Franklin Park in North Miami Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7PM.

Matches
Home matches are typically played on Saturdays at 2pm throughout autumn, winter, and

Biography

Leatherwood was born to William and Elizabeth (Nelson) Leatherwood near Haysville, North Carolina in June 1844.  During the American Civil War, he served as a member of the Confederate States Army  Leatherwood saved his uniform and cap following the war and often wore them on special occasions.  While he was small of stature, standing  and weighing , he was considered an individual full of "valor and grit".  Leatherwood married and the union produced one son.

In 1869, Leatherwood moved to Tucson, Arizona Territory and lived there for the rest of his life.  He operated a livery stable and had mining operations in the Santa Catalina Mountains.  In addition to his mining interests, Leatherwood built a ranch in the Santa Catalinas.

Politically, Leatherwood was a member of the Tucson City Council from 1874 through 1879.  He also served as a school trustee and was elected Mayor of Tucson for 1880.  During his term of office, the Southern Pacific Railroad reached Tucson.  To celebrate the March 20, 1880 arrival, Leatherwood appointed eight committees to help organize the festivities and served as chairman of both the Committee on Toasts and Speeches and the Committee of Reception.  In 1885, Leatherwood represented Pima County in the Council (upper house) during the 13th Arizona Territorial Legislature.  He was returned to the territorial legislature two years later, serving in the lower house during the 14th Arizona Territorial Legislature.  Leatherwood's final term in the legislature was during the 1893 session.

By the late 1880s, Leatherwood was a deputy sheriff serving under Charles A. Shibell.  He was elected Pima County Sheriff on November 6, 1894 and served in the office from 1895 through 1898.  After leaving office he retired to private life.

Leatherwood died from a heart attack on April 3, 1920.  He was buried in Moss Memorial Graveyard, Cherokee County, North Carolina.  Despite rumors to the contrary, Leatherwood was not buried in his Civil War uniform.

References

External links

Category:1844 births
Category:1920 deaths
Category:Members of the Arizona Territorial Legislature
Category:Mayors of Tucson, Arizona
Category:People from Clay County, North Carolina
Category:Arizona pioneers
Category:Arizona city council

Edi Hans Pawlata

Hans W Pawlata, known as "Edi", was an Austrian pioneer of the sport of kayaking; who in 1927, claimed to be the first European to perform a Kayak roll, a skill developed by the Eskimo people. In fact, a number of other Europeans had already learned to roll a kayak, but Pawlata is widely credited with the feat.

Born 19 February 1900 in Vienna, Pawlata had a passion for paddling the faltbooten or folding kayaks that were popular in Europe after World War I. He studied written accounts of the kayaks and skills of the Greenland Inuit people, especially the work of Knud Rasmussen, Fridtjof Nansen and Hjalmar Johansen. From his research, he designed a folding kayak which he believed was "purebred" and more faithful to the original Arctic boats. The 4.9 metre long kayak was built for him by the firm of Otto Hartel in Graz, and he called it "Aijuk". On 30 July 1927, on the Weissensee, he publicly demonstrated his ability to capsize his kayak and right it again without leaving the cockpit. The method he devised, which involved gripping the far end of the paddle blade, is now known as the Pawlata roll and is still used as a training or sea kayaking technique. In the following year, he published a book called "Kipp kipp hurra! Im reinrassigen Kajak. Eine ausführliche Anleitung zum Sichwiederaufrichten im Kajak (Faltboot)" ("Tip tip hooray! In a purebred kayak. A detailed manual for righting oneself in a kayak (folding kayak)") In it he says:

''"Quite contrary to the expectations of the old experienced paddler, on 30 July 1927, I succeeded as the first European sportsman to right himself again after capsizing in a kayak. Thus was the curse of the centuries-old Eskimo secret broken and kayaking ceased to exist in name only."

Actually, a number of European missionaries and explorers had previously learned how to roll from the Inuit people of Greenland, Paul Egede probably being the first in the 1730s. Rolling was demonstrated in 1889 at Sandviken, Norway by Oluf

Benefits 

While there were many restrictions on the bookseller, the job did have its benefits. The bookseller was free to produce and sell books, illuminate, or write for anyone they pleased like the Court, cathedral, or the wealthy laymen of the capital and provinces so long as they met their obligations to the university to which they had sworn oaths. In fact, most of their trade fell outside of the university regulation. There is an important distinction between the regulation of how books were traded within the university and how the booksellers were able to charge whatever the open market would bear. To the non-student or masters, there were no such restrictions on the booksellers. Between 1300–1500, the position of libraire was a closed position only open upon the resignation or death of a previous one. Aside from cheap books, it was only the libraire who was allowed to sell books in Paris. The university essentially guaranteed a monopoly on the sale of books for booksellers.

Late Manuscript Culture

Characteristics

The period of "Late Manuscript Culture" dates from roughly the mid-fourteenth century to the fifteenth century, preceding and existing alongside the printing press.  While embodying all of the ideals and adhering to the regulations observable in the Devotio Moderna, there are many clear characteristics of Late Manuscript Culture.  For instance, careful attention was paid to the punctuation and layout of texts, with readability and specifically reading aloud taking preeminence. Meaning had to be clear in every sentence, with as little room left to interpretation as possible (compared to the lack of spaces in text and any markings for the purpose of aiding in enunciation), due to preachings' rise in popularity after the Fourth Lateran Council.  Correct orthography was attempted whenever the necessary exemplars made it possible to emend earlier texts, especially Bibles, and this correction made many texts uniform.  In this period of Manuscript Culture, the emendatiora, manuscripts which combined surviving texts of the oldest available exemplars with the manuscripts that had been currently acceptable and prominent, were created.

Aids to find one's way about the text are prominent features in these manuscripts.  While none were invented solely in fifteenth century, they were used with increasing frequency and became more complex. These include:

 tables of contents
 lists of chapters, either at the beginning of each book or gathered at the beginning of the whole work (if it is a

In 2007 she was a judge on BBC Radio 3's Choir of the Year competition. CeCe was one of Bruno Tonioli's panelists on BBC One's DanceX.

CeCe made a guest appearance on ITV's Dancing on Ice in early 2009, where she was seen helping one of the groups that were selected to skate and sing at the same time. She has also appeared as a guest on television and in documentaries, including The Wright Stuff, GMTV, BBC Breakfast, Let Me Entertain You, The Xtra Factor.

In 2010, Sammy founded an artist development and music management company with legendary artist manager Frank DiLeo. CCA Entertainment operates between London and Los Angeles.

In 2014 and 2015, Sammy appeared as head vocal coach and judge on the second and third seasons of Endemol's Your Face Sounds Familiar Georgia. She once again reprised the role as vocal judge for a select number of episodes during the fourth season which started in May 2015.

In 2015, Sammy worked as a vocal coach on new ITV series Get Your Act Together. She has been a regular talent consultant for American Idol and America's Got Talent. She also was the official vocal coach for 2015 Dubai Music Week.

In 2017, Sammy worked with manufacturer VTech to launch the Kidi Super Star, a karaoke microphone and stand which reduces the vocals on any song. The system features coaching from Sammy. 

Sammy has also recently worked as a vocal coach on films such as the Idris Elba-directed YARDIE and Gurinder Chadha’s Blinded by the Light.

The Power Of Muzik 
In 2018, Sammy launched a new music therapy initiative called ‘The Power of Muzik’, which empowers and inspires young people going through hard times. The Power of Muzik uses music therapy techniques and powerful messaging within their music to educate young people, and have worked with the likes of Vanessa Feltz, Ben Ofoedu, Diana Vickers, Mo Jamil and more. 

As part of the initiative, Sammy formed a collective of singers who have performed at top UK music events throughout 2018. These performances have included the national UK STEPS tour, Brighton Pride, Fusion Festival and more. 

The collective of singers, as well as Sammy and ambassadors for The Power Of Muzik, have travelled across the UK performing directly to students

Deportivo CAFESSA Jalisco

The Deportivo CAFESSA Jalisco, commonly known as CAFESSA Jalisco, is a Mexican football club based in Guadalajara. The club was founded in 2015, and currently plays in the Serie A of Liga Premier.

History
Deportivo CAFESSA was founded in 2015 from a Third Division franchise called Cazcanes de Ameca, during its first season it kept the original name. In 2016 it took its current name.

During its first two seasons, the team stayed in Ameca having as its ground the Núcleo Deportivo y de Espectáculos Ameca. In 2017 an agreement was reached with the municipality of Tlajomulco de Zúñiga to move the team to that city. 

Before starting the 2017-18 season, it was announced that Deportivo CAFESSA acquired an expansion franchise in Serie B, the fourth professional category in Mexican soccer, at the same time, a reserve team was created to compete in the third division.

From 2019-20 season, Deportivo CAFESSA created a new team which was moved to Estadio Jalisco and will play in Liga Premier – Serie A. The team was able to move from the stadium, after signing an agreement with the Club Jalisco, for this agreement, the club was renamed as Deportivo CAFESSA Jalisco. However, the club maintans Serie B and Liga TDP teams with the name CAFESSA Tlajomulco.

Players

Current squad

Reserve teams
Deportivo CAFESSA Tlajomulco
Reserve team that plays in the Liga Premier, the fourth level of the Mexican league system.

Deportivo CAFESSA (Liga TDP)
Reserve team that plays in the Liga TDP, the fifth level of the Mexican league system.

Deportivo CAFESSA Tonalá
Reserve team that plays in the Liga TDP, the fifth level of the Mexican league system.

See Also 
 Deportivo CAFESSA Tlajomulco

References

External links 

Category:Association football clubs established in 2015
Category:Football clubs in Jalisco
Category:2015 establishments in

Calanus pacificus

Calanus pacificus is a species of copepod found in the Pacific Ocean. The female has an average length of about , and the male has a value of about .

Description
The female is about  in length, and typically ranges from  in length. The male has an average length of about , and ranges in length from about . The male has enlarged aesthetes (found on the antennules), which are likely used for chemoreception.

Distribution
This copepod is found in the Pacific, from Alaska to Central America in coastal North America, and from Russia to southeast Asia in Asia.

Ecology

Life cycle and reproduction
When the male senses a potential mate (likely through pheromones), it swims irregularly, alternating zig-zags with looping and figure eights. This is likely to find the potential mate or as a precopulatory behaviour. C. pacificus This copepod typically lays a clutch of 24 to 54 eggs. The egg production rate increases with an increase in food, indicating that C. pacificus is an income breeder, relying on food stores gained concurrently with reproduction to breed. In addition, it has three generations per year, with generations being about 10 to 25 days. This copepod does not migrate until it is a nauplius stage III, when it moves closer to the surface. This behaviour continues until it is a nauplius stage V. Then, until maturity, the depth during the day gets progressively deeper. The depth of migration is influenced by predation; when there are more predators, the intensity of diel vertical migration increases.

Feeding
C. pacificus is a particle feeder, feeding on plankton, copepod nauplii, and marine snow. It generally feeds on the food of greatest abundance and size. However, it also rejects low quality food, likely through chemical means, in addition to rejecting inert particles. Examples of low quality food include Ptychodiscus brevis, which produces neurotoxins, and Protoceratium reticulatum, which causes regurgitation or an elevated heart rate. Additionally, the presence of the latter decreases the intake of a preferred food, Gyrodiniurn resplendens. This allows P. reticulatum to decrease the concentration of C. pacificus when the former is in bloom. C. pacificus can take advantage of marine snow as food, with aggregations of

Disc One - Side One
"Pictures of Matchstick Men" (mono) – 3:09
"Ice in the Sun" (mono) – 2:12
"Down the Dustpipe" (mono) – 2:04
"In My Chair" (mono) – 3:18
"Junior's Wailing" – 3:32
"Mean Girl" – 3:54
"Gerdundula" (mono) – 3:21
"Paper Plane" – 2:56

Disc One - Side Two
"Big Fat Mama" – 5:53
"Roadhouse Blues" – 7:28
"Break the Rules" – 3:37
"Down Down" – 3:53
"Bye Bye Johnny" – 4:42

Disc Two - Side One
"Rain" – 4:35
"Mystery Song" – 4:00
"Blue for You" – 4:06
"Is There a Better Way" – 3:30
"Again and Again" – 3:38
"Accident Prone" – 4:06

Disc Two - Side Two
"Wild Side of Life" – 3:16
"Living on an Island" – 3:54
"What You're Proposing" – 4:15
"Lies" – 4:00
"Rock 'n' Roll" – 4:04
"Something 'Bout You Baby I Like" – 2:57
"Dear John" – 3:10

Disc Three - Side One
"Caroline" – 5:30
"Roll Over Lay Down" – 5:59
"Backwater" – 4:36
"Little Lady" – 4:26
"Don't Drive My Car" – 4:14

Disc Three - Side Two
"Whatever You Want" – 4:27
"Hold You Back" – 4:46
"Rockin' All Over the World" – 3:50
"Over the Edge" – 4:27
"Don't Waste My Time" – 4:18

All the tracks on Disc Three were recorded live at the Prince's Trust Concert at the National Exhibition Centre, Birmingham in 1982.
In 2010 the complete concert was released for the first time when the BBC included not only "Dirty Water" and "Down Down" (which had been bonus tracks on a CD reissue in 2006

Fortress and Renaissance castle 

Between 1526 and 1536, Count Frederick VI of Spiegelberg, overlord of the County of Pyrmont, built a fortress and schloss in valley of Pyrmont. He had experience in the construction of the fortress when he had reinforced Coppenbrügge Castle with walls and roundels. The fortress of Pyrmont was almost square in shape with a 40-metre-wide moat. The walls had casemates and a stone corner bastion, which echoes the Italian style of fortification. Access to the fortress was via a wooden bridge and later a drawbridge. Buildings were built inside the walls and, in the south-western area, the first schloss was built. 

Following the completion of the castle in 1536, it was garrisoned by Count Frederick VI, who resided in neighbouring Lügde. Later the schloss became the side wing of a larger schloss, which his son, Philip, had built in 1557 in the Weser Renaissance style. According to tradition, this was a three-storey building with three wall dormers, similar to the Hämelschenburg. In addition, a tower was built for archiving documents. Philip died before the completion of the Renaissance schloss. The building was completed by the husband of his sister, Hermann Simon of Lippe. Afterwards the counts of Lippe and the counts of Gleichen resided at the schloss. In 1625, Count Hans Louis of Gleichen transferred the County of Pyrmont to the Count of Waldeck.

During the Thirty Years' War, the succession dispute between the Bishopric of Paderborn and the Counts of Waldeck revived. For the Bishopric, troops under General Pappenheim, besieged the Pyrmont fortress in 1629, and its 400-man garrison surrendered after ten months. In 1633, Swedish troops recaptured the fortress, which was reconquered in 1636 by the Imperial Army. After being taken again by the Swedes in 1646, the fortress was handed over to the Counts of Waldeck in 1649. The schloss suffered damage as a result of the sieges. Rebuilt in haste, it served as a summer residence for the counts of Waldeck, but it was also neglected in the period that followed and began to deteriorate.

When Count Anthony Ulrich of Waldeck-Pyrmont took over the regency of Waldeck and Pyrmont

The first two lines have been sung in several ways: "My momma done tol' me / when I was in knee pants"; "My momma done tol' me / when I was in blue jeans"; "My momma done tol' me / when I was in pigtails."

Recorded versions

Charting versions
Recorded versions that charted in the United States were by Woody Herman, Dinah Shore, Jimmie Lunceford, Cab Calloway, Artie Shaw, and Rosemary Clooney.
Recorded versions in the United Kingdom were by Shirley Bassey and Helen Shapiro.

The Woody Herman recording was released by Decca Records as catalog number 4030. The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on January 2, 1942 and lasted 11 weeks on the chart, peaking at #1.

The Dinah Shore recording was released by RCA Bluebird Records as catalog number 11436. The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on February 13, 1942 and lasted 7 weeks on the chart, peaking at #4.

The Jimmie Lunceford recording was released by Decca Records as catalog number 4125. The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on January 30, 1942 and lasted 5 weeks on the chart, peaking at #4.

The Cab Calloway recording was released by OKeh Records as catalog number 6422. The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on March 6, 1942 and lasted 1 week on the chart, at #8.

The Artie Shaw recording was released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 27609. The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on November 21, 1941 and lasted 1 week on the chart, at #10.

The Rosemary Clooney recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 39813. The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on September 26, 1952 and lasted 2 weeks on the chart, peaking at #29.

Other notable versions
In addition, the song was recorded at least three times by Jo Stafford. Her previously unreleased 1942 version with the Tommy Dorsey orchestra was included in the 1966 Reader's Digest box set The Glenn Miller Years. On October 15, 1943, she recorded it with Johnny Mercer, the Pied Pipers, and Paul Weston's Orchestra, in a version released as a single (catalog number 10001) and on an album (Songs by Johnny Mercer,

Lithuania at the 2013 Summer Universiade

Lithuania  competed at the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan, Russia from 6 to 17 July 2013.

Medalists

Medals by sport

Athletics

Men
Track & road events

Lithuania was registered to compete in 4x100 m relay but did not started.

Field events

Women
Track & road events

Lithuania was registered to compete in 4x100 m relay but did not started.

Field events

Basketball

Men's tournament

|}

Belt wrestling 

Women
Indrė Bubelytė (58 kg.)
Giedrė Blekaitytė (66 kg.)

Men
Povilas Žukauskas (68 kg.)
Justinas Gramba (70 kg.)
Domas Zimkus (80 kg.)
M. Labalaukis (+90 kg.)
Zigmas Pečiulis (+100 kg.)

Boxing 

Men

Canoeing 

Jevgenij Shuklin
Mindaugas Maldonis
Ignas Navakauskas
Ričardas Nekriošius
Andrej Olijnik
Laimonas Smulkys
Dovilė Sudeikytė
Vytautas Vasiliauskas

Judo 

Karolis Bauža
Gintarė Klišytė
Marius Labalaukis
Santa Pakenytė
Vytautas Skilinskas
Žilvinas Zabarauskas

Rowing 

Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; ; R=Repechage

Sambo 

Karina Bičkutė
Gintarė Klišytė
Marius Labalaukis
Radvilas Matukas
Vytautas Skilinskas
Aurelija Šukytė
Žilvinas Zabarauskas

Shooting

Swimming 

Matas Andriekus
Simonas Bilis
Vaidotas Blažys
I

Elsie K. Powell House

Powell House, named after Elsie K. Powell Sr., is the Quaker conference and retreat center of the New York Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends, located in Old Chatham, New York.

Use 
Powell House is used primarily for religious conferences and similar gatherings of members and attenders of meetings belonging to New York Yearly Meeting. It is also used for meetings of Yearly Meeting committees or conferences sponsored by them. The programs include a wide variety of educational, inspirational, and organizational activities for youth and adults related to the religious, benevolent, and social concerns of the Religious Society of Friends. The facilities are available for use by affiliated Friends’ organizations and other religious or educational groups having interests compatible with those of Friends. Short-term sojourners are sometimes accommodated.

History 
In 1960 Elsie Powell donated residential property to New York Yearly Meeting.  The yearly meeting decided to establish a retreat center on the property.

Powell House held a 40th anniversary celebration in 2000.

During 2008 and 2009 the Anna Curtis Center underwent renovation.  The renovation included several energy-saving improvements such as the installation of solar panels and a radiant floor heating system.  It made more space for conference activities and increased the sleeping capacity of the facility.  It also made the facility handicapped accessible.

Campus 
Powell House's campus now consists of Pitt Hall, the Anna Curtis Center, a director’s residence, a youth directors’ residence, and fifty-seven acres of land with a campground and two wildlife ponds.

Pitt Hall is where the majority of the adult conferences are held.

The Anna Curtis Center, also known as the Youth Center, is where youth conferences are usually held.

Youth program 
The youth program has conferences designed for several age groups.  There are conferences for 4th and 5th graders, 6th through 8th, and 9th through 12th graders.  Most youth conferences run from Friday dinner to Sunday lunch and have around 40 attenders.

WinterSong and EarthSong are special youth conferences for which both buildings are required because there are nearly double the usual number of attendees. Earthsong celebrates the spring and the seniors who are graduating from the program.  Wintersong celebrates warmth, community, and light in winter.  Youth from 7th to 12th grades are invited to these conferences

Bearden High School is a comprehensive public junior/senior high school serving grades seven through twelve in the rural, remote community of Bearden, Arkansas, United States. Located in  Ouachita County, Bearden High School is one of four public high schools in the county and is the sole high school managed by the Bearden School District.

Curriculum 
The assumed course of study at Bearden High School is the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams to obtain at least 22 units required by the Smart Core curriculum. The Bearden School District offers students regular or advanced diplomas, based on coursework and grade point average. The school has been accredited by AdvancED since 1982. Exceptional students have been recognized as National Merit Finalists and participated in Arkansas Governor's School.

Bearden High School was listed and unranked in the U.S. News & World Report Best High Schools 2012 report.

Extracurricular activities 
The Bearden High School mascot is the bear with black and white serving as the school colors.

Athletics 
For the 2012–14 seasons, the Bearden Bears participate in the 2A 7 West Conference. Competition is primarily sanctioned by the Arkansas Activities Association with the Bears competing in baseball, basketball (boys/girls), cheer, cross country (girls), softball, and track and field (boys/girls).

The Bearden Bears football team were Class 2A state finalists in 2007 and 2009, and semi-finalists in 2008 and 2010. The Bears have won conference titles in 1992, 1996, 1997, 2007, 2009, and 2010. The Harmony Grove Hornets compete as rivals to the Bearden Bears in an annual matchup with the game winner capturing the Bill Manning Rivalry Trophy.

Clubs and traditions 
For those students wishing to join social and service organizations at BHS, the following are available: Academic Club, Future Farmers of America (FFA), Ouachita Baptist University Talent Search (OBU Talent Search), Family, Career and Community Leaders of America (FCCLA), Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA), Student Council, and the National Honor Society.

Notable people 
The following are notable people associated with Bearden High School. If the person was a Bearden High School student,

Career
Ijūin was appointed consul at Chefoo in China in 1893. He served again in China as Consul General at Tientsin from 1901 to 1907. He was appointed Ambassador to Pekin in 1908. On 4 September 1909, he signed the Japan-China Agreement concerning Kando as the Japanese Ambassador to the Ching Empire in Pekin. During the Chinese Revolution broke out in October 1911, together with then Foreign Minister Uchida Yasuya, he argued for the provision of support to the Ching government during the 1911 Chinese Revolution. His term as Ambassador to China lasted until 1913.

Then, he was appointed the Japanese Ambassador to Italy in 1916 and in office until 1920. During his tenure, he was one of the leading members of Japanese delegation at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919. Ijūin is described as a conservative ambassador.

On the other hand, then Prime Minister Hara Takashi wanted Ijūin to search for European institutions of public information when the latter was ambassador and a Versailles delegate. Ijūin reported that the best way to create an influential information bureau was to coordinate all information sources, including army, navy and finance ministry. Eventually, a public information office (Gaimu-shō Jōhō-bu) in the ministry of foreign affairs was established on 13 August 1921, and Ijūin was appointed its head. Then he served as Governor-General of Kwantung Leased Territory in northeastern China for one year. He was appointed on 8 September 1922, replacing Isaburō Yamagata as the Governor-General. Ijūin was in office until 19 September 1923.

Then he was appointed Foreign Minister on 19 September 1923 to the second cabinet of Yamamoto Gombee, replacing him who also assumed the role of foreign minister briefly from 2 to 19 September. Ijūin was replaced by Keishirō Matsui on 7 January 1924 when a new cabinet was formed by Kiyoura Keigo.

Personal life
Ijūin was married to Ōkubo Toshimichi's daughter, Yoshiko. Thus he was the brother-in-law of Makino Nobuaki.

Death
Shortly after his removal from the office, Ijūin died of neuralgia in Tokyo in April 1924.

References

Category:20th-century diplomats
Category:20th-century Japanese politicians
Category:18

Shawn Grate has also been charged in the deaths of his former girlfriend Candice Cunningham and Rebekah Leicy in neighboring Richland County, and has also been charged in the death of Dana Nicole Lowrey, 23, who died in 2006 who was found in 2007 in Marion County.  In the second of two letters he sent to Cleveland news station WEWS (News 5 Cleveland) reporter Megan Hickey, Grate attributed his motives to "government assistance", writing that it took his victims' minds.  "They were already dead, just their bodies were flopping wherever it can flop but their minds were already dead! The state took their minds. Once they started receiving their monthly checks".  Grate claimed he once received a $197 food card and that he, "Never was able to receive any encouragement, though many bodies received 700".

After Grate had given out details of the murders to two different news organizations while in custody, attorneys for the defense and prosecution jointly requested and obtained a gag order preventing Grate from communicating any further with the media. On January 6, 2017, a competency hearing determined Grate is fit to stand trial. An evaluation released March 6 based on a January 17 assessment to evaluate Grate's claim of insanity declared that he was not insane at the time the crimes were committed. Grate's counsel then withdrew the plea of not guilty by reason of insanity on April 7, 2017.

In a settlement with the owner, the City of Ashland obtained ownership of the house where Grate was apprehended, two bodies were discovered, and a kidnapped woman was rescued by police. The city is pursuing a federal grant with the intention of demolishing the house.

“There is a settlement agreement among the parties that essentially obligates the Pump House to transfer all property that is the subject of this action to the city of Ashland and transfer their title thereto, provided that the city pays off the sums owed to the county for delinquent taxes and to the Muskingum Watershed District,” said Andrew Bush, assistant law director for the city of Ashland.

Trials 
Grate's trial for the Ashland crimes began with two weeks of jury selection on April 9, 2018. The trial began with opening statements on April 23. On May 2, Grate pleaded guilty to 15 of the charges against him. On May 7, Grate was found guilty of murdering Stacey Stanley and Elizabeth Griffith. On June 1, Grate was sentenced to death.

Even knowing how the story ends, who could resist cheering for Jayne Mansfield (the king-sized over-the-top punked-out Marilyn Monroe who became the ultimate atomic-era sex-kitten-gone-berserk) as she navigates the cultural and spiritual landscape of a quickly changing world in the mid-1960s?

Defined by her hunger for publicity, on the one hand Jayne was Hollywood Babylon made flesh, with five kids, three messy divorces, and a lurid death that may or may not have been caused by a Satanic curse. On the other hand, she had perfect comic timing, 163 IQ, spoke five languages and was outspokenly anti-war, making her impossible to categorize, though the headlines that her wild life inspired certainly tried: Can A Sex Siren Be A Good Mother, Love Goddess With A Jinx, the Smartest Dumb Blonde...

And then there was her reported affair with Anton LaVey, head of the Church of Satan. The handsomely devilish Anton started his “church” with a publicist and preached a live and let live lifestyle. “If you’re going to be a sinner, be the best sinner on the block,” said Anton and that was music to sex-positive Jayne Mansfield’s ears. Unfortunately, her then-boyfriend lawyer Sam Brody was sent into a jealous rage and desecrated sacred Satanic talismans in Anton’s lair, prompting a curse to be put on his head that he would die in a car accident within a year. In 1966 and 1967, Jayne and Sam proceeded to have seven fender benders and near-fatal smash-ups until the one that tragically took both of their lives in a bizarre crash where reporters said alternately Jayne was either beheaded on impact or wig-scalped.

Cast

 Kenneth Anger 
 Richmond Arquette 
 A. J. Benza 
 Susan Bernard 
 Peaches Christ 
 Cheryl Dunye 
 Tippi Hedren 
 Anton LaVey (archival footage)
 Jayne Mansfield (archival footage)
 Ann Magnuson 
 Marilyn (singer) 
 Alison Martino 
 Matt Momchilov 
 Dolly Read 
 Yolonda Ross 
 Mamie Van Doren 
 John Waters 
 Mary Woronov 
 Dr. Barbara Hahn
 Dr. Eileen Jones
 Dr. Eve

Learner went to Paddington Comprehensive then onto Hornsey College of Art for a Foundation year. During that year she also trained as a marble carver in Carrara, Italy , apprenticed to the Australian sculptor Joel Ellenberg. After which she migrated at eighteen to Melbourne, Australia. She then went to the Victorian College of the Arts to complete a BA in sculpture. But in her second year, began to return to her first love of theatre. Firstly through performance art then playwriting after becoming one of the founders of avant-garde theatre company 'Straight-face Productions.'

In 1989 Learner was one of the founding sponsors of the National Foundation for Australian Women. Her "Literary papers, 1983-1992", are held by the Mitchell Library at the State Library of New South Wales. 

After completing her degree she moved to Sydney where she did a playwright's course at the National Institute of Dramatic Art then on to AFTRS, the Australian Film, Television and Radio School for a screenwriting course. Her mentors included writer/teacher Paul Thompson and director Jimmy Sherman.

Plays

Plays 

 Is It Buckskin That Holds the Card?, 1984
 Angels, 1988
 The Waters of Pham Thi Lan, 1994
 Wolf : A Dedication to Priapus, Currency Press, 1992, 
The Glass Mermaid, Currency Press, 1994, 
Les Enfants du Paradis, adaptor of the work by Jacques Prevert, 1988
Miracles, Currency Press, 1998, 
Seven Acts of Love (as witnessed by a cat), Hilary Linstead & Associates, 1995
Fidelity, 2004
Black Wedding, 2009

Short plays 

 Feast, 1993
 The Gun in History, 1994
 Cage, 2017

One person plays 

 Witchplay, Currency Press, 1995, 
Mistress, 1990
S.N.A.G., 1992
Homage, 2004

Radio plays 

 Volkov, 1987
 Lionheart, 1992
 Queen Song, Australian Broadcast Corporation,1996

Short films 

 Feast,1990, Dir Jill Moonie
 Antonio`s Angel (original story by Rosalba Clemente)
 Succubus, Dir Harry Weinmann

Books

Historical fiction (as Tobsha Learner) 

The Witch of Cologne, Forge, 2005, 
Soul, Harper

The core mode of the game, called "Treasure", challenges the player to collect as much gold as possible over a 10-minute period.  Gold is earned in a variety of ways, the simplest being to use fire breath to destroy merchant wagons or buildings and then pick up the treasure chests that appear.  Dragons have a limited carrying capacity, so from time to time the player must return to his hoard and deposit the gold there.

When certain key thresholds of gold have been collected at the hoard the dragon "levels up" and is awarded with upgrade points which can be distributed amongst four key abilities: speed, fire breath, carrying, and armor.  Upgrading each of these items improves the dragon’s abilities, which can have a major effect on game strategy.

In addition to destroying things for gold, the player can earn gold in other ways such as kidnapping princesses for ransom, capturing wizard gems, and scaring villages into offering tribute. The player can also steal gold from other dragons and their hoards.

Treasure mode is the main mode of the game with over 20 maps available.  Other modes include Princess Rush (be the first to ransom 15 princesses), Hoard (survival), and Co-Op Treasure mode (all dragons share a hoard and work together).

Hoard supports 4 players at a time, working competitively or co-operatively.

Global leaderboards are present in the PlayStation 3 version and will be in the PC (Steam) version.

Strategic depth 
Hoard is somewhat unusual in that it contains elements of deep strategy and systems interactions typically absent from action-oriented shooters.

The medieval kingdom simulates with its own simple commerce, and the player’s interaction with the kingdom can have a large effect on how much gold the player is able to score.  Farms and towns can be destroyed regularly, or left to grow to become prosperous. Generally, the bigger towns, castles, wizards towers and similar structures become, the more valuable they are but as a result are also better defended.  Individual town buildings are also important, as the presence of markets or taverns help determine wagon value, number of thieves produced, and so on.

Dragon upgrade choices are also integral to the game’s strategy. In single player scenarios with only one dragon, the player is motivated to fine-tune his upgrade strategy to maximize points. In multiplayer scenarios, upgrading

De Cort would not remain a member of the society for long as he left Flanders after the Brabant Revolution of 1789.  He settled in London c. 1790 and remained in England for the rest of his life.  There he built up a highly successful practice as a painter of country houses, castles, cathedrals and other views. He gained many commissions from the nobility and other important patrons. He thus stood in a long tradition of Flemish painters who made topographical paintings of the estates of the British nobility, which includes artists such as Jan Siberechts, Peter Tillemans and Pieter Andreas Rijsbrack.  Many of his works were exhibited at the Royal Academy and the British Institution between 1790 and 1806.

He died in London.

Work
De Cort's work consists solely of landscape and topographical paintings and drawings.  His early landscapes from the time before he moved to England were often made in collaboration with other Flemish artists such as Balthasar Paul Ommeganck and Petrus Johannes van Regemorter who painted the figures and animals.

De Cort is known for his topographical views of English and Welsh landscapes.  These were painted in an Italianate idiom indebted to the style of Gaspar Dughet. He often painted on specially prepared mahogany panels.  His style was described by the painter Joseph Farington as follows: 'his ground prepared light, this to draw his outline with black lead pencil, then to pass oil over it, and on that tint to glaze his shadows and embody his lights'. Some traces of under drawing and pentimenti are visible in this work.’

He would adjust some of the details of his landscape subjects for maximum effect.  For instance, in his Launceston Castle, Cornwall he painted the main towers and buildings as protruding from behind, even where they would not normally have been visible from this viewpoint.

To complete his many commissions de Cort travelled far and wide and made many preparatory wash drawings.  A  number of these are in the collections of the British Museum and the Ashmolean Museum.  The collection of the Stedelijk Prentenkabinet (Municipal Cabinet of Prints) of the Plantin-Moretus Museum in Antwerp holds a sketch book of de Cort containing mainly drawings of castles from the time he was still residing in his home country.

References


September 2015 brought with it the first Duke Spirit performance in three years at the End of the Road Festival with new bass player Rich Fownes (Bad for Lazarus, Unkle, The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster) and also the first release from Kin, the song "Here Comes the Vapour". The following single, "Blue and Yellow Light", was released in November with an accompanying music video.

Success
The Duke Spirit have received acclaim and increasing success despite relatively little advertising based promotion on television and radio. Initially a 'word of mouth' band, their touring schedules have helped them to spread their music across the country and eventually into America and the rest of Europe, which culminated in a nomination for "Best Live Band" at the 2011 Artrocker Magazine Awards. They have played a number of high-profile support slots for Queens of the Stone Age, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, British Sea Power, R.E.M., Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Supergrass, Eagles Of Death Metal and Jane's Addiction. Since 2008, the band have performed on American and British TV more than seven times - appearing on Later... with Jools Holland, Late Night with Conan O'Brien, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Last Call with Carson Daly, It's On with Alexa Chung, The Henry Rollins Show, Shameless, and the Late Show with David Letterman. Their song "Send a Little Love Token" was also included in the fifth title in the Guitar Hero video game series. Released in September 2009, it had sold nearly 1 million copies worldwide by the end of the year.

Personnel
Current members
Liela Moss - vocals, harmonica, piano, percussion (2003-present)
Luke Ford - guitar, backing vocals, Farfisa, piano, Autoharp (2003-present)
Toby Butler - guitar, bass guitar, backing vocals, organs, piano (2003-present)
Olly 'The Kid' Betts - drums, glockenspiel, percussion, piano, backing vocals (2003-present)
Rich Fownes - bass guitar (2014-present)
Former members
Dan Higgins - guitar, autoharp (2003-2008)
Marc Sallis - bass guitar (2008-2012)

Discography

Cuts Across the Land (2005)
Neptune (2008)
Bru

After the presidential election, she lived in New York City and worked as an Editorial Assistant for Vanity Fair. While in New York, she and co-worker Jessica Flint founded an online Rolodex called UrbanistaOnline to help young newcomers settle into New York. In 2004, she also became a member of the Board of Directors of the youth voter initiative, Generation Engage, and is an active voice in youth politics. She was an active campaigner during her father's 2008 campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination.  In the fall of 2012, she returned to the college campus of Winthrop University, where she spoke to students about the importance of voting and the necessity of refusing to be bystander in our democracy.

Edwards entered Harvard Law School in the Fall 2006. In the summer after her first year in law school, she worked as intern to Nina Totenberg at NPR.  In fall 2007, she became a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau. Edwards graduated from Harvard Law in 2009.  She then moved to Washington, D.C. and served as a judicial law clerk for Judge Leonie M. Brinkema of Eastern District of Virginia before joining a civil rights law firm in Washington, D.C. She temporarily left the practice of law in May 2011, after the death of her mother, Elizabeth, to start a foundation in her mother's honor.  She returned to the practice of law in mid-2012 and is now a Partner at Edwards Kirby, the law firm of her father and attorneys, David Kirby and William Bystrynski.

Gay marriage stance
Early in the 2004 presidential campaign, Edwards became the first family member of the Democratic candidates to state that she was in favor of legalizing gay marriage. On September 30, 2007, during a campaign stop with actor James Denton, she was quoted by CNN as saying: "I'm on my mom's side with this, not my dad's. It's the word 'marriage' that he is hung up on".  The news organization then went on to state  in its report that John Edwards "does not support gay marriage, but his wife, Elizabeth, does". (John Edwards supported civil unions, while Elizabeth Edwards had stated that she supported gay marriage.) She also declared her support for Trevor Thomas, an openly gay candidate for U.S. Congress in Michigan.  As part of her former law practice at Edwards and Eubanks, she represented clients faced with discrimination based on their sexual orientation

Green Cross (Japan)

Green Cross Corporation (株式会社ミドリ十字; Kabushiki Gaisha Midori Jūji) was one of the premier pharmaceutical companies in Japan. The company merged into Yoshitomi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (吉富製薬株式会社) on April 1, 1998, and renamed to Welfide Corporation (ウェルファイド株式会社) on April 1, 2000. Finally Welfide Corp. and Mitsubishi-Tokyo Pharmaceutical Inc. (三菱東京製薬株式会社) were merged to form Mitsubishi Pharma Corporation (三菱ウェルファーマ株式会社) on October 1, 2001.

Green Cross was founded in 1950 as Japan's first commercial blood bank and became a diversified international pharmaceutical company producing ethical drugs for delivery or administration by doctors and healthcare workers. Its founders included war criminals such as Kitano Masaji who performed torture and experiments on humans in the Japanese military's notorious Unit 731 during World War II. 

Its products were extensively used in the treatments of a wide range of ailments. As well as supplying whole blood for transfusions, Green Cross was also active in developing blood derivative products such as coagulation factors, immunoglobulin and albumin. In the mid 1960s, it expanded into the non-plasma sector. Cardiovascular agents, coagulation/fibrinolytic agents, immunological agents, anti-inflammatory agents, albumin-based agents, blood plasma components and parenteral nutrition accounted for 71% of fiscal 1998 unconsolidated revenues; wholesale of diagnostic reagents, 14% and other, 15%. Unconsolidated revenues accounted for 59.5% of fiscal 1998 consolidated revenues. The company had eleven consolidated subsidiaries, three each in the United States and Japan, and one each in Germany, the United Kingdom, Barbados, China and Hong Kong. Overseas sales accounted for 41.9% of fiscal 1998 consolidated revenues.

In the late 1980s, Green Cross and Takeshi Abe were at the center of a scandal in which up to 3,000 Japanese people contracted HIV through the distribution and use of blood products which were known to be unsafe.

References

See also
HIV-tainted blood scandal (Japan)

Category:Contaminated haemophilia blood products
Category:

Maroth is an Ortsgemeinde – a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde – in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Geography

Location
The locality belongs to the area Westerwaldkreis - village Maroth with the degree of 7.68755 is obendrein WW is the license plate of Maroth - The locality has a population of 224 inhabitants Country code 02689 in addition the municipality has the postal code 56271.

History
In 1344, Maroth had its first documentary mention. Maroth was once split into two. Witness to the former division of Maroth, formerly known as Malre, Maillrode, Mairot and Moort, and Hausen, formerly known as Huissen, Isenburgshausen and Trierischhausen, are the two outliers that can still be seen today. The municipal area even now is not fully contiguous, and two exclaves that can be reached only by crossing Marienhausen’s or Dierdorf’s municipal area are to be found outside the community’s main territory. In 1972, in the course of municipal restructuring, the Verbandsgemeinde of Selters was founded, to which Maroth belongs.

Politics

Community council
The council is made up of 6 council members, as well as the honorary and presiding mayor (Ortsbürgermeister), who were elected in a majority vote in a municipal election on 13 June 2004.

Economy and infrastructure

Transport
Southwest of the community runs Bundesstraße 413, leading from Bendorf to Hachenburg. The nearest Autobahn interchange is Dierdorf on the A 3 (Cologne–Frankfurt). The nearest InterCityExpress stop is the railway station at Montabaur on the Cologne-Frankfurt high-speed rail line.

Clubs
Angelverein "Waldsee Maroth" e.V. (angling)
Förderverein der Freiwilligen Feuerwehr Maroth 1955/1996 e.V.  founded 1955, founding members: 13 (Volunteer fire brigade promotional club)
Freiwillige Feuerwehr Maroth  founded 1955, founding members: 9 (Volunteer fire brigade)
Jugendfeuerwehr Maroth  founded 1 April 1995,

Sabbah's uncle, Nasir Haji, is the driving force and primary funder of the entire project from its inception to date. He is a philanthropist-businessman based in Singapore. He grew up in Jammu and Kashmir before moving to Dubai and working himself up to run and partner in several successful businesses in Dubai, Jakarta and subsequently Singapore. It was Nasir Haji's vision of bringing about long-lasting change through education in his ancestral village that gave birth to the idea for Haji Public School in 2008. Nasir Haji has also founded the Haji Amina Charity Trust in Doda in 2005. The Trust provides financial, medical and educational aid to a large number of people in the Doda region.

Education and career
Sabbah Haji finished 10th Grade from The Indian High School, Dubai. She then shifted to Bengaluru in 1997, from where Haji completed her 12th Grade from Bishop Cotton Girls' School Bengaluru. She completed her Bachelors in Commerce from Christ College, Bengaluru in 2002.

Sabbah was Staff Accountant (Audit Trainee) in KPMG, Bangalore (2003-2004); Team Lead (English Support Services) in Deluxe Digital Studios (2005-2007); Content Writer/Copy Editor in Digital Media Convergence Ltd (2007-2008); Managing Editor/Content Writer in Planetsurf Creation Pvt Ltd (2008).

In 2008, the Amarnath struggle of Jammu and Kashmir broke out. Sabbah Haji's mother, Tasneem Haji witnessed her hometown, Kishtwar, being severely affected during the struggle. It was then that Sabbah Haji, who was in Bengaluru, quit her city life to return to her family in Jammu and Kashmir.

Haji Public School 
After Sabbah Haji returned to her native village Breswana in 2008, she saw that nearly two generations of villagers had no education, due to the apathetic attitude of successive governments and militancy. She then thought of opening a school to give education to children there. After taking suggestions from her family, she started Haji Public School (HPS) in 2009 in Breswana.

Since it started on 4 May 2009, the Haji Public School has just one objective – to impart knowledge to those children who cannot avail of the academic facilities being provided to others, in more accessible cities. The cause was so strong

King v. Chapman

King v. Chapman is a 1945 court case between Primus King, a religious leader and barber in Columbus, Georgia, and  J. E. Chapman, Jr., the chair of the Muscogee County Democratic Party. It ruled the white primary as used by the Democratic Party of Georgia to be unconstitutional. This case followed the Smith v. Allwright case, which struck down the white primaries in Texas and began the downfall of white primaries in other Deep South states.

Background and ruling

On July 4, 1944, Primus E. King, an African-American registered voter, went to the Muscogee County Courthouse in Columbus to cast his vote in the Democratic Party’s primary election. He was turned away by law enforcement. Dr. Thomas Brewer, a local physician who co-founded the local branch of the NAACP, encouraged and financially supported Mr. King in his lawsuit filed in federal court. In a landmark ruling in 1945, the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia found in Mr. King's favor, deciding that the exclusion of black voters was unconstitutional under the Fourteenth, Fifteenth and Seventeenth Amendments. The U.S. Court of Appeals affirmed, and the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear the appeal by Chapman, which ended the white primary in Georgia.

Impact
The end of the white primary in Georgia allowed African Americans to pursue the right to vote in Georgia for the first time, although the enforcement of poll taxes, literacy tests and the County Unit System would remain a significant barrier to most African-American voters in Georgia until the 1960s. It would take nearly two decades before Leroy Johnson, the first African American to serve in the Georgia General Assembly, would be elected.

King v. Chapman also served as an inspiration to Martin Luther King, Jr., then a 15-year-old who was admitted to Morehouse College.

References

External links

Category:1944 in United States case law
Category:20th century American trials
Category:African-American segregation in the United States
Category:Civil rights movement case law
Category:History of voting rights in the United States
Category:United States district court cases
Category:United States elections case law
Category:United States equal protection case law
Category:United States Fourteenth Amendment case law
Category:United States Fifteenth Amendment case law
Category:United States Seventeenth Amendment case law


Career achievements

Major results

2000
 1st  Time trial, National Under–23 Road Championships
2002
 1st Stage 1 Sea Otter Classic
2003

2003
  1st  Young rider classification Four Days of Dunkirk
2004
 1st  Time trial, National Road Championships
 Vuelta a España
1st Stages 1 (TTT) & 11
2005
 1st Stage 1 (ITT) Tour de France
 1st Stage 8 (ITT) Giro d'Italia
 1st Stage 4 (TTT) Tour Méditerranéen
2006
 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
1st Stage 1a & Stage 3 (ITT)
 1st Eindhoven Team Time Trial
 1st Stage 2 (TTT) Settimana Ciclistica Internazionale
 2nd Overall Tour of California

2006
 1st  Time trial, National Road Championships
 2nd  Time trial, UCI Road World Championships
2007
 1st  Time trial, National Road Championships
 1st Eindhoven Team Time Trial
 5th Overall Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
2008
 1st  Time trial, National Road Championships
 1st Stage 1 Tour of the Bahamas
 1st Stage 1 (TTT) Giro d'Italia
 1st Stage 4 (TTT) Tour de Georgia
 3rd  Time trial, UCI Road World Championships
 6th Overall Tour of California
2009
 1st  Time trial, National Road Championships
 1st Overall  Tour of Missouri
1st Stage 5 (ITT)
 2nd Overall Tour of California
 3rd Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
2010
 2nd Overall Tour of California
1st Stage 3
2011
 1st  Time trial, National Road Championships
 1st Stage 4 (ITT) Tour de Romandie
 1st Stage 6 (ITT) Tour of California
 1st Stage 2 (TTT) Tour de France
2012
 1st  Time trial, National Road Championships
 1st Stage 1 (ITT) Tour de Langkawi
 1st Stage 2 (TTT) Tour of Utah
 2nd Overall Tour of California
1st Stage 5 (ITT)

Grand Tour general classification results timeline

Footnotes

External links

VELOBIOS profile
Team Garmin-Chipotle profile
Z

Economic relations 
In 1986, Malaysia exported $515.5 million worth of goods to Pakistan mainly palm oil while Pakistan export to Malaysia was only $31.1 million. Thus, Pakistan has stated that it wants to explore more join venture with Malaysian companies. There is a trade and cultural pact between the two countries, under which the import and export of various goods is done on fairly large scale. The President and the Prime Minister of Pakistan along with other high officials visited Malaysia many times and Malaysian officials also paid a good will visit to Pakistan. Malaysia and Pakistan signed a free trade agreement called the Malaysia–Pakistan Closer Economic Partnership Agreement (MPCEPA) in January 2008.

Pakistan and Malaysia are linked by air transport. Pakistan International Airlines operates many flights from Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar to Kuala Lumpur.

Automotive 
On 21 March 2019, Proton announced to establish a manufacturing assembly plant in Pakistan, its first in the South Asian region.

Investment & Trade 
On investment, Malaysia is Pakistan's third largest foreign investor behind China and United Kingdom for financial year 2017-2018 according to statistics provided by the State Bank of Pakistan.

In terms of bilateral trade, Malaysia is Pakistan's 16th largest trading partner while Pakistan is Malaysia's largest export market in South Asia and the third for import destination.

Security relations 
On 18 August 2016, Pakistan Chief of Army Staff General Raheel Sharif arrived in Kuala Lumpur on an official visit. He held separate meetings with Malaysian Chief of Defence Forces  General Zulkifeli Mohd Zin and Malaysian Army Chief General Raja Mohamed Affandi. Later, General Raheel also met Malaysian Minister of Defence Hishammuddin Hussein.

Malaysia–Pakistan Joint Committee on Defence Cooperation (JCDC) 
In 1997, Malaysia and Pakistan agreed to set up a Joint Committee on Defense Cooperation exploring collaboration in their military-to-military ties.

MALPAK naval exercise 
On 21 March 2017, Pakistan Navy Ships PNS Nasr and PNS Saif arrived at the Malaysian port of Langkawi to participate in first bilateral naval exercise MALPAK-I. Exercise were carried out in Straits of Malacca.

On 17 February 2019, Royal Malaysian Navy Ships KD KASTURI and KD MAHAWANGSA arrived in Karachi to participate in the bilateral MAL

This season was the third of the expanded competition, which succeeded the First Division of the National Provincial Championship. It started with a 10-week round robin in which every team missed out on playing 3 teams in the competition. This was followed by a knockout playoff involving 8 teams, made up of quarterfinals, semifinals and the final.

On 11 August 2008 the New Zealand Rugby Union initially announced that Tasman and Northland would both be relegated from the Air New Zealand Cup after the completion of the 2008 season. Both teams failed to meet criteria which included financial stability, population, player training and development, playing history, and administration. This decision was reversed towards the end of the 2008 season, with Tasman and Northland remaining in the competition for two more years.

Canterbury won their sixth national provincial title by defeating Wellington 7–6 at Westpac Stadium, Wellington. It was the third consecutive season that Wellington have finished runners-up.

Standings

The top eight teams in pool play advanced to the Quarter Finals.

Table notes
 Pos = Table Position
 Pld = Played
 W   = Win (Worth 4 points)
 D   = Draw (Worth 2 points)
 L   = Loss (Worth 0 points)
 PF   = For (Total points scored)
 PA   = Against (Total points scored against)
 PD = Points difference
 BP1 = Bonus Point (1 Bonus Point will be awarded to any team that scores 4 tries or more regardless of win/loss/draw.)
 BP2 = Bonus Point (1 Bonus Point will be awarded to the losing side if the loss is by 7 points or less.)
 Pts = Progressive points tally

'''NB:
 It is possible to receive 2 bonus points in a loss.
 In the event of a tie on points the ranking of teams is decided by:
 The winner of the last match between the two provinces if played this season then,
 Highest points differential then,
 Most tries scored then,
 A coin toss.

Points Scorers

Try Scorers

Attendances

Fixtures and results

Round 1

Round 2

Round 3

Round 4

Round 5

Round 6

Round 7

Round 8

Round 9

Round 10

Knockout stage

Quarterfinals

Semifinals

Final

See also
 Air New Zealand

History

In 1985, the Army split the generalized Electronic Warfare/Intercept Systems Technician 33S MOS into five specializations 33P (Strategic Receiving Subsystems Repairer), 33Q (Strategic Recording Subsystems Repairer), 33R (Aviation Systems Repairer), 33V (Aerial Sensor Repairer), 33T (Tactical Systems Repairer)].

However, on 1 October 1998 the Army recombined the 3 MOSs: 33R (Aviation Systems Repairer), 33T (Tactical Systems Repairer), 33Y (Electronic Warfare/Intercept Strategic Systems Repairer) into one MOS—33W (Electronic Warfare/Intelligence Systems Repairer). This change was prompted due to lack of need in several of the 33 series. By combining all three into one MOS, the Army was able to provide the same support with fewer soldiers and use OJT (on the job training).

On 1 October 2007, the 33W designation was renamed to 35T to group all Military Intelligence MOSs in the same 35 series.

Training
35Ts are trained to perform maintenance tasks associated with electronic warfare equipment and systems. The soldiers are taught about electricity and advanced electronic theory, advanced concept and troubleshooting theory to include basic and advanced computer concepts and advanced troubleshooting skills using the Army's most advanced EW systems. Also taught are the concepts of basic analog and digital electronics repair, communications theory (receivers, recorders, and multiplexing/de-multiplexing, transmission line repair techniques, computer architecture/operating systems fundamentals, automated messaging, and network operations/troubleshooting. Upon completion of training a 35T has all the skills to repair and maintain virtually any electronic system from the tactical to strategic level. As an expert a 35T may be tasked to repair/maintain Transmitters/Transceivers (AN/TLQ-17A, AN/TLQ-17, AN/TLQ-40, AN/TLQ-63); Imagery Analysis systems (AN/TSQ-179(TGS), signal intelligence systems (GR/CS) and (PROPHET), aerial electronic warfare systems (RC-12 Guardrail), or complex/advanced computer systems and networks.

Charlie Company, 309th Military Intelligence Battalion, 111th Military Intelligence Brigade at Fort Huachuca, AZ conducts all 35T training. Charlie

Avant-garde tendencies
The second category of poems are generally urban-themed, opting in favor of modernist means in both subjects and vocabulary. Discussing young Caragiale's conflict with Zamfirescu, Șerban Cioculescu concluded: "Luca may have seemed like an avant-garde poet, one of those who cultivated free verse and willingly simulated prosaic writing, into filming the everyday, with methods such as images caught from various angles." He added: "The poet is a lucid one, a modern one, who [...] demystifies, demythifies and desacralizes poetry's old themes." Caragiale's generic interest was in adapting to poetry the elements of "bad taste" in popular culture, of kitsch aesthetics and the banal.

A special connection between Caragiale and experimental literature was his ambition of modifying the standard Romanian lexis, through the introduction of neologisms or the recovery of obscure archaisms. Șerban Cioculescu argued that, by adopting this "twinned regime", Caragiale prolonged his stylistic connection with Parnassianism into the realm of avant-garde poetry, but did so at the risk of confusing his readers. The neologisms, some of which were described as "very curious" by the critic, include words that did not settle into the common language, such as perpetrat ("perpetrated") and sfinctic ("sphinx-like"); among the archaic words employed are some words found in Romanian Orthodox Church vocabulary—blagoslovenie ("blessing"), pogribanie ("funeral")—and obsolete titles such as virhovnic ("leader"). According to the Cioculescu, Luca shared Mateiu's love for antiquated things, but was in effect "more complex" stylistically than his brother. The speech characteristics were doubled by a recourse to theatrical attitudes, leading Barbu Cioculescu to speak of a stylistic approach reconnecting Luca's work to those of his forefathers, and especially to Ion Luca Caragiale's "mimetic" approach to comedy writing.

Among such works, critics have found memorable his Triptic madrigalesc, which, according to Călinescu, helped introduce to local literature "the cosmopolitan sensation, so cultivated by Western poetry (Valery Larbaud, Blaise Cend

Olojede later worked as a correspondent in China from 1996 to 1999, after being named Asia Bureau Chief, based in Beijing. His reporting took him to all but a handful of Asia countries. Following his assignment in Asia, he returned to Long Island where he became foreign editor of Newsday. In January 2004, Olojede took an opportunity to return to Africa as a correspondent to write about the 1994 Rwandan genocide, ten years later.

In April 1994, when the genocide broke out in Rwanda, Olojede was covering the South African general elections, the first free elections at the end of apartheid. Olojede has said that while the South Africa story was important, he has often wondered if he could have helped the situation in Rwanda if he had gone there instead.

Olojede's 2004 series on the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide was well received. One story that drew particular attention was "Genocide's Child" about a mother who was raising a son conceived during a gang rape during the war.

In 2005, Olojede won the Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting for his "fresh, haunting look at Rwanda a decade after rape and genocidal slaughter had ravaged the Tutsi tribe." The series was viewed as a major accomplishment for black journalists. Olojede was assisted by African American photographer J. Conrad Williams, and much of the series was edited by Lonnie Isabel, another African American journalist who was the assistant managing editor for national and foreign coverage.

By the time he won the Pulitzer, Olojede had already left Newsday. The Tribune Company had purchased Newsday from its previous owners in 2000, and by 2004 were trying to trim costs.  At the end of 2004, Newsday offered a round of buyouts. On 10 December 2004, Olojede took the buyout and moved to Johannesburg, where he was living when he learned he had won the Pulitzer.

Back to Africa
As of 2006, Olojede was living in Johannesburg with his wife and two daughters. In November 2006, the East African Standard reported that Olojede was hoping to launch a daily newspaper that would be distributed across the entire African continent.

Returning to Nigeria, Olojede launched 234Next in 2008, first on Twitter and then online and in print. Hiring 80 new journalists fresh out of college and working

 K-125 Hochfirstschanze, Germany
February 3, 2007
Notes:
Both Martin Schmitt and Michael Uhrmann fell during the competition.
The Norwegian trio of Roar Ljøkelsøy (4th), Tom Hilde (8th) and Anders Bardal (15th), were all disqualified, after removing a strap on their start number. According to the Norwegians, the straps were too tight.

 K-125 Hochfirstschanze, Germany
February 4, 2007
Notes:
Adam Małysz took his 32nd World Cup win, and tied with Janne Ahonen on the third place on the all-time list.
Dimitry Vassiliev took his second podium.
Mario Innauer set a personal best.

Klingenthal 

 K-125 Vogtlandarena, Germany
February 7, 2007

Notes:
This is to replace the cancelled competitions in Harrachov, and is therefore organized by the Czech ski federation.
World Cup leader Anders Jacobsen did not participate.

Willingen 

 K-130 Mühlenkopfschanze, Germany
February 10, 2007

World Championships 

The 2007 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships took place between February 22 and March 4, 2007 in Sapporo, Japan. The competitions in the World Championships did not award the jumpers World Cup-points.

Nordic Tournament

Lahti

 K-116 Lahti, Finland
March 11, 2007

Kuopio

 K-120 Puijo, Finland
March 13, 2007

Lillehammer/Oslo

 K-115 Holmenkollen, Norway
March 17, 2007

Notes:
The event was moved from Lillehammer to Oslo

Oslo

 K-115 Holmenkollen, Norway
March 18, 2007

Planica

 K-185 Letalnica, Slovenia
March 23, 2007

 K-185 Letalnica, Slovenia
March 24, 2007

 K-185 Letalnica, Slovenia
March 25, 2007

Overall Top 15 

Key

 1: Kuusamo (24 November 2006)
 2: Lillehammer (2 December 2006)
 3: Lillehammer (3 December 2006)
 4: Engelberg (16 December 2006)
 5: Engelberg

William Galston

William Arthur Galston (; born January 17, 1946) holds the Ezra K. Zilkha Chair in Governance Studies and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. He joined the Brookings Institution on January 1, 2006. Formerly the Saul Stern Professor and Dean at the School of Public Policy at the University of Maryland, Galston specializes in issues of U.S. public philosophy and political institutions.

Career
He was deputy assistant for domestic policy to U.S. President Bill Clinton (January 1993 – May 1995).  He has also been employed by the presidential campaigns of Al Gore (1988, 2000), Walter Mondale, and John B. Anderson. Since 1995, Galston has served as a founding member of the Board of the National Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy and as chair of the Campaign's Task Force on Religion and Public Values.

Galston was in the United States Marine Corps, serving as a sergeant.  He was educated at Cornell, where he was a member of the Telluride House, and the University of Chicago, where he got his Ph.D. He then taught for nearly a decade in the Department of Government at the University of Texas. From 1998 until 2005 he was professor of public policy at the University of Maryland.  Later he was executive director for the National Commission on Civic Renewal. Galston founded, with support from The Pew Charitable Trusts, the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning and Engagement.  He was also director of the Institute for Philosophy and Public Policy, both located at the University of Maryland.

He has written on questions of political and moral philosophy, U.S. politics and public policy, having produced eight books and more than one hundred articles. His most recent book is Public Matters: Politics, Policy, and Religion in the 21st Century (Rowman & Littlefield, 2005). Galston is also a co-author of Democracy at Risk: How Political Choices Undermine Citizen Participation and What We Can Do About It, published by the Brookings Press.

Galston became an op-ed columnist for the Wall Street Journal in 2013.  In 2014, he continued public commentary on partisan politics.

Publications

References

External links
 
 The Brookings Institution profile
 

Category:Living people
Category:Place of birth missing (living people)
Category:American political philosophers
Category:1946 births
Category:Political scientists who studied

Defense Depot Ogden was a U.S. military installation located in Ogden, Utah. It encompassed  with its southwest corner located on 12th Street (1200 South) and Tomlinson Road (1200 West). Its eastern border is the old Utah Northern Railroad, now owned by the Union Pacific Railroad.

History
Prior to the establishment of what was known as the Utah General Depot on September 15, 1941, the underlying land was used for pasture and farmland.  The Defense Depot Ogden Utah (DDOU) was one of seven similar facilities located around the nation.  The property entered the ownership of the United States Army, under the command of the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), an agency of the Department of Defense (DOD).  The DDOU was used as logistical supply and administrative support for military installations and other DOD and federal agencies.  The mission included the receipt, storage, maintenance, inventory and issue of items that included food, clothing, textiles, packages, petroleum products, pesticides, pressurized gases and general medical, industrial, construction and electronic supplies.

During World War II, the DDOU was also used as an internment camp for both German and Italian prisoners of war.

The Depot had an Officers' Club that allowed Department of the Army civilian employees to enjoy the facility.  A set of military houses between the front gate and the Officers' Club made it feel like a neighborhood.  There was also an AAFES store, as well as clothing sales.  The commander changed from one service to another with each change but the commander was always a pay grade O-6 colonel or captain.

The DDOU was listed in the Base Realignment and Closure Act (BRAC) of 1995.  As a result, the base ceased its functions on September 30, 1997. Management of the facilities was then handed over to the Hill Air Force Base DLA, at which time the official name of the facility changed to Defense Depot Hill Utah (DDHU) Ogden Site.

Business Depot Ogden
As early as 1995, the City of Ogden appointed a committee to research the development of the DDHU.  Much of this work was towards the conversion of the area into a commercial and industrial park.  The Ogden Local Redevelopment Authority (OLRA) is charged with ensuring that the City of Ogden's DDOU Reuse Plan is properly implemented.  The transfer of ownership

In this example, this particle is only used when describing incidents in the far past. Unlike kán, co can also be used to indicate future occurrences with reference to the past. Here are a few examples of when the future tense uses co and the auxiliaries kap and yat.

Example of co with future tense

war icɨ       ʔara           okay co

wat icɨ       ʔat-a          o=kap-t co

1sg.poss water bring-ger 1sg=aux.fut-ind1   past

‘I was going to bring my water.’

iyõm      ikap                           towenaoba         co

iyõm      i=kap=ap                   to=penaop-a      co

Father   3imp=aux.fut-ind2   3r=dance-ger      past

‘Dad was going to dance.’

Both of these case indicate events that could have happened in the near future but didn't in the past tense. In Karo, it is possible to find both past markers in the same clause with co usually appearing before kán. For instance,

Example of co used with kán

ōn opit məy mãm   co      kán

ōn o=pi-t məy mãm   co      kán

1sg 1sg=perforate-ind1 long x         past rpast

‘I took the vaccine long ago.’

Here, the phrase “I took the vaccine” takes the co marker and “long ago” will fall under the kán marker.

Future Tense 
The future tense can be expressed using an auxiliary or one of two particles: kap, yat, and iga respectively. The auxiliary kap is used to describe situations in the immediate or proximate future. It is usually present in the indicative mood when /-p/ and /-t/ are present.

When constructing these different particles, clauses are a large indicator of which particle can be used. The auxiliary kap covers main actions or events and exists in separate clauses. Usually kap exhibits behaviour evidence of subjects. “The subject of the future auxiliary is always coreferential with the subject of the associated full verb” (140) Thus, all marked verbs include a coreferential proclitic if the verb is intransitive and is omitted if

The office of National Assembly member Kim Kwang-jin of Democratic United Party revealed that cadets in Korea Military Academy were provided with sneakers worth 60,000 KRW and tennis shoes. Cadets in Korea Army Academy at Yeongcheon were provided with sneakers worth 64,250 KRW, in addition to running shoes and soccer shoes.

Dual citizens
For dual citizens, or those with multiple citizenships, male South Koreans must choose their citizenship by the time they turn 18, before March 31 of that year. If these males choose to revoke their South Korean citizenship, they will not be required to complete their mandatory military service. However, if they fail to choose their citizenship by their 18th year, they will be subjected to fulfill their mandatory military service.
If males choose to renounce their citizenship by their 18th year, they are ineligible to gain a Korean work visa (F series) until after they turn 40 years of age. It may still be possible to gain an E series visa.

Draft evasion
In general, the South Korean public tends to be intolerant towards men who attempt to evade mandatory military service or receive special treatment, especially if they are exploiting family wealth or political connections. Draft evasion is a punishable crime, but many entertainers, athletes, politicians and their children are known to have fabricated medical or other reasons to seek exemption from military service. According to a 2017 report by the Military Manpower Administration, the most common evasion tactic was extreme weight loss or gain (37%), followed by fabrication of mental illness (23.7%), and deliberate full-body tattoos (20.3%). Studying abroad or migrating overseas to obtain foreign citizenship are considered the preferred option for sons in wealthy families, while nearly a hundred high-ranking politicians including sitting members of the National Assembly have managed to arrange unexplained exemptions for their sons. These cases of draft evasion are to be distinguished from conscientious objection on political or religious grounds.

Steve Yoo
In 2002, right before South Korean pop singer Steve Yoo was due to be drafted for his military service, he became a naturalized U.S. citizen. He was born in Seoul and migrated to the United States at the age of 13. The South Korean government considered it an act of desertion and deported him, banning him from entering the country permanently.

Song Seungheon
In late 2004, it was revealed that actor Song Seung-heon had avoided his draft by taking

The Modern Language Aptitude Test (MLAT) was designed to predict a student's likelihood of success and ease in learning a foreign language.  It is published by the Language Learning and Testing Foundation.

The Modern Language Aptitude Test was developed to measure foreign language learning aptitude.  Language learning aptitude does not refer to whether or not an individual can or cannot learn a foreign language (it is assumed that virtually everyone can learn a foreign language given adequate opportunity).  According to John Carroll and Stanley Sapon, the authors of the MLAT, language learning aptitude refers to the "prediction of how well, relative to other individuals, an individual can learn a foreign language in a given amount of time and under given conditions". The MLAT has primarily been used for adults in government language programs and missionaries, but it is also appropriate for students in grades 9 to 12 as well as college/university students so it is also used by private schools and school and clinical psychologists.  Similar tests have been created for younger age groups.  For example, the Pimsleur Language Aptitude Battery was designed for junior high and high school students while the MLAT-E is for children in grades 3 through 6.

Development 

John B. Carroll and Stanley Sapon are responsible for the development of the MLAT.  They designed the test as part of a five-year research study at Harvard University between 1953 and 1958.  One initial purpose of developing the Modern Language Aptitude Test was to help the US Government find and train people who would be successful learners of a foreign language in an intensive program of instruction.  

After field testing many different kinds of verbal tasks, Carroll chose five tasks that he felt worked well as a combination in predicting foreign language learning success in a variety of contexts.  These tasks were minimally correlated with one another, but used together they had demonstrated high predictive validity with respect to such criteria as language proficiency ratings and grades in foreign language classes.

The design of the MLAT also reflects a major conclusion of Carroll's research, which was that language learning aptitude was not a "general" unitary ability, but rather a composite of at least four relatively independent "specialized" abilities.  The four aspects, or "components", of language learning aptitude that Carroll identified were phonetic coding ability, grammatical sensitivity, rote learning ability and inductive language learning ability.  In the article "The prediction of success in intensive foreign language training", Carroll defined these

Career 

She started her acting career with Kachchi Dhoop, which was based on Louisa May Alcott's Little Women. She had been approached by Amol Palekar, a renowned actor-director, and had offered her to act in the serial, due to the original actress who had been abandoned the project abruptly.

She made her film debut in the 1989 blockbuster film Maine Pyaar Kiya with Salman Khan. This remains her most successful and best known film to date. After marriage, she acted in three films: Peepat's Qaid Main Hai Bulbul, K.C. Bokadia's Tyagi and Mahendra Shah's Paayal, all opposite her husband in 1992. She also acted with Avinash Wadhawan in Ghar Aaya Mera Pardesi (1993). This was her last Hindi film in the 1990s and she went on to appear in a few Tamil and Telugu films. She made her Telugu debut in the film Yuvaratna Rana (1998). She also made appearances in many television series. She returned to Hindi films in the mid 2000s appearing in Maa Santoshi Maa (2003), Humko Deewana Kar Gaye (2006) and Red Alert: The War Within (2010).

After a gap of several years, she made her comeback to television with the TV serial Laut Aao Trisha aired on Life OK from 2014 to 2015. She is also set to return to films with the Telugu remake of the 2014 Hindi film 2 States.

Other ventures 

Bhagyashree is the promoter of the media company Shrishti Entertainment with her husband.

In March 2015, Bhagyashree became brand ambassador of the Bhagyashree Scheme, launched by the Government of Maharashtra. Bhagyashree Scheme caters to girl child from below poverty line families.

Personal life 
Bhagyashree is married to Himalaya Dasani, who was arrested for his involvement in a gambling racket. They have two children, a son and a daughter. Her son, Abhimanyu Dasani who won the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut for his performance in the 2019 film Mard Ko Dard Nahi Hota.

Filmography

Film

Television

Awards and nominations

References

External links 
 

Category:

Biography 
Little is known for certain of d'Anania's life; even his dates of birth and death are uncertain. He was born in Taverna, a city in the province of Catanzaro in Sila Piccola. He later studied natural science, languages and theology, probably in Naples. He certainly lived there for a few years and served as the teacher of the Archbishop Mario Carafa. At Carafa's death on 11 September 1575, d'Anania returned to Taverna where he remained until his death (between 1607 and 1609).

During d'Anania's stay in Naples, he published his most famous work, L'Universale fabbrica del Mondo, ovvero Cosmografia (1573), a geographical work which consists of a preface and four volumes that provide a picture of geographical knowledge in the second half of the 16th century. A new, second edition was prepared in Venice in 1576, in which d'Anania supplemented physical geography, with history and anthropology, as well as information religious faiths. The longest volume of the four treatises is the first, dedicated to Europe (the regions are discussed in this order: Ireland, England, Scotland, Portugal, Spain, France and Switzerland, Reno and Holland, Germany, Denmark, Italy, Slavonia, Bosnia and Raška, Albania, Bulgaria, Romania, Greece, Poland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Russia, Ukraine, and the Arctic); while the remaining three treatises cover Asia, Africa and West Indies.

D'Anania also authored a theological work titled De natura daemonum, first published in Venice in 1570. In it, d'Anania posits the existence of demons, malevolent beings behind the works of astrologers and necromancers and who are responsible for any diseases which can be cured by the intercession of saints. De natura daemonum saw many editions, including that produced by Aldus Manutius. In 1654 Gian Lorenzo's nephew, Marcello Anania, prepared an edition titled De substantiis separatis, which contained the previously unpublished De natura Angelorum.

Works 
 De natura daemonum. Venice, 1570.
 Dell'Vniuersal fabrica del mondo trattato dell'eccell. M. Lorenzo Anania della città di Tauerna

Netherlands
Aruba –
Occupied by British (1805–1816)
Lodewijk Christoph Boyé, Commander of Aruba (1816–1819)
Dutch Gold Coast – Abraham de Veer, Commandant-General of the Dutch Gold Coast (1810–March 1, 1816); Herman Willem Daenels, Governor-General of the Dutch Gold Coast (to 1818)
Surinam –
 Occupied by British (1804–1816)
Willem Benjamin van Panhuys, Governor-General of Dutch Guiana (1816)
Cornelis Reinhard Vaillant, Acting Governor-General of Dutch Guiana, (1816–1822)

Portugal
Angola –
 José de Oliveira Barbosa, Governor of Angola (1810–1816)
 Luís da Mota Fêo e Torres, Governor of Angola (1816–1819)
Cape Verde – António Coutinho de Lencastre, Governor of Cape Verde (1803–1818)
Bissau – António Cardoso Figueiredo, Captain-Major of Bissau
Cacheu – Unknown
Portuguese Timor – José Pinto Alcoforado de Azevedo e Sousa, Governor of East Timor (1815–1819)
French Guiana – João Severiano Maciel da Costa, Governor of French Guiana (1809–1817); also technically owned by Spain
Macau – Lucas José de Alvarenga, Governor of Macau (1814–1817)
Mozambique – Marcos Caetano de Abreu e Meneses, Captain-General of Mozambique (1812–1817)

Spanish Empire
Viceroyalty of New Granada – Francisco Montalvo y Ambulodi Arriola y Casabant Valdespino, Viceroy of New Granada (1816–1818)
Viceroyalty of New Spain –
 Félix María Calleja del Rey, conde de Calderón, Viceroy of New Spain (1813–1816)
 Juan Ruíz de Apodaca, conde de Venadito, Viceroy of New Spain (1816–1821)
Captaincy General of Cuba –
Juan

Contraindications
Under the US approval, rolapitant is contraindicated in combination with thioridazine, whose inactivation could be inhibited by rolapitant. Under the European approval, it is contraindicated in combination with St. John's Wort, which is expected to accelerate inactivation of rolapitant.

Side effects
In studies comparing chemotherapy plus rolapitant, dexamethasone and a 5-HT3 antagonist to chemotherapy plus placebo, dexamethasone and a 5-HT3 antagonist, most side effects had comparable frequencies in both groups, and differed more between chemotherapy regimens than between rolapitant and placebo groups. Common side effects included decreased appetite (9% under rolapitant vs. 7% under placebo), neutropenia (9% vs. 8% or 7% vs. 6%, depending on the kind of chemotherapy), dizziness (6% vs. 4%), indigestion and stomatitis (both 4% vs. 2%).

Overdose
Up to eightfold therapeutic doses have been given in studies without problems.

Interactions 

Rolapitant moderately inhibits the liver enzyme CYP2D6. Blood plasma concentrations of the CYP2D6 substrate dextromethorphan have increased threefold when combined with rolapitant; and increased concentrations of other substrates are expected. The drug also inhibits the transporter proteins ABCG2 (breast cancer resistance protein, BCRP) and P-glycoprotein (P-gp), which has been shown to increase plasma concentrations of the ABCG2 substrate sulfasalazine twofold and the P-gp substrate digoxin by 70%.

Strong inducers of the liver enzyme CYP3A4 decrease the area under the curve of rolapitant and its active metabolite (called M19); for rifampicin, this effect was almost 90% in a study. Inhibitors of CYP3A4 have no relevant effect on rolapitant concentrations.

Pharmacology

Pharmacodynamics
Both rolapitant and its active metabolite M19 block the NK1 receptor with high affinity and selectivity: to block the closely related receptor NK2 or any other of 115 tested receptors and enzymes, more than 1000-fold therapeutic concentrations are necessary.

Pharmacokinetics

Rolapitant is practically completely absorbed from the gut, independently of food intake. It undergoes no measurable first-pass effect in the liver. Highest blood plasma concentrations are reached after about four hours. When in

Swami Sundaranand is the subject of a feature documentary shot at his home in Gangotri titled Personal Time with Swamiji. The film was produced by The Center for Healing Arts and directed by Victor Demko.

Views on global warming
Over the past six decades, Swami Sundaranand has used his combined interests to raise awareness about the Ganga. "When I first came to this region, it was one of the most beautiful part of the Himalayas," he says. "It is difficult to imagine the purity of the Ganga and the abundance of Himalayan vegetation and fauna that was prevalent then. We don't know what we have cruelly destroyed."

Swami Sundaranand has lived in Gangotri since 1948, when he became a renunciate, and arrived there from Andhra Pradesh. In his words: "A lot has changed since then. Although the air is cold here, the sun is harsh. It's becoming hotter every year. People say it is global warming. I say it is a global warning."

The pollution of Ganga in the plains has been an oft-repeated refrain, but, according to Sundaranand, a graver threat is its pollution at the source. He attributes this to the unchecked construction of hotels and ashrams in Gangotri and the dumping of waste from these locations, such as faecal matter and garbage, into the Ganga. According to him, "there are no environment lovers left here, only money lovers". Every year, while the temple town closes during the harsh winter months, unchecked construction and felling of trees is at its peak. According to the sadhu, "many bhoj trees in Bhojbasa, en route Gaumukh have been cut down. Earlier, on my treks to the Gaumukh glacier, I could spot rare animals like the snow leopard and musk deer. They are rarely visible now".

The sadhu is also an avid mountaineer — it was during his treks to the glacier over the last 10–15 years that he saw the glacier retreat more rapidly than ever before. According to him, Gaumukh was barely 1 km away from Bhojbasa, but today, it is 4 km away and that every year, the glacier was retreating by at least 10 metres. He has expressed the view that the pollution of Ganga at its

Peter McCann (born March 6, 1948) is an American musician and songwriter.

Born in Bridgeport Connecticut, McCann graduated from Fairfield University in Connecticut (1970) with a B.A. in history. He began recording for Motown Records in 1971. His two Motown albums with the group Repairs were produced by Andrew Loog Oldham, producer of the Rolling Stones. McCann's career blossomed in 1977 with the release of the hit “Right Time of the Night,” personally chosen by Clive Davis, performed by Jennifer Warnes on Arista Records and produced by Jim Ed Norman. His success as a writer prompted his signing to 20th Century Fox Records in that same year and the immediate release of “Do You Wanna Make Love,” written and performed by him and produced by Hal Yoergler, Vice President of ABC Dunhill Music Publishing, and sold over 2 million singles as an international hit, reaching high chart positions in the U.S, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. In 1978 CBS, now Sony Music, purchased his contract from the Fox organization and began a fruitful, 20-year relation with him as a songwriter. In 2012 McCann concluded a three-year contract with GrandVista Music in Nashville as a staff writer.

His songs have been recorded by Julio Iglesias, Buck Owens, Anne Murray, Kenny Rogers, The Oak Ridge Boys, Lee Greenwood, Mickey Gilley, Reba McEntire, Ricky Skaggs, Crystal Gayle, Shelly West and Jermaine Jackson. Hits in Country include the Grammy Nominated Performance “She’s Single Again” by Janie Fricke and the #1, “Nobody Falls Like a Fool” by Earl Thomas Conley. In 1991 Baillie and the Boys had a hit with “Treat Me Like a Stranger.” McCann also had a song on one of the largest selling female debut albums of all time when Whitney Houston recorded “Take Good Care of My Heart.” His song “The Star” appeared on Kathy Mattea’s Grammy winning Christmas album. Isaac Hayes and Millie Jackson took their hit duet version of “Do You Wanna Make Love” up the R&B Charts. Over the years, his songs have been on well over 100,000,000 records sold. During his career McCann has been signed as a recording artist to Motown, 20th Century Fox, CBS Records and RCA

People's Linguistic Survey of India

The People's Linguistic Survey of India (PLSI) is a linguistic survey launched in 2010 in order to update existing knowledge about the languages spoken in India.  Conducted by 3500 volunteers, including 2000 language experts, social historians and the staff of the NGO Bhasha Research and Publication Centre, Baroda, the survey has identified 780 languages in India. The 35,000 page survey is being published in 50 volumes. The first six volumes were released at the Bhasha Vasudha Global Languages Conference in Vadodara on January 7, 2012. The survey was completed in December 2012 and several of its volumes are being published by the publishing house Orient Blackswan.

Survey format
The publications of the survey include the following information: 
 Name of the language. 
 Brief history. 
 Geographical region where the language is spoken. 
 Short bibliography. 
 Sample oral songs with translation. 
 Sample oral stories with translation. 
 Colour terms. 
 Relational terms.
 Terms for time and space.

For scheduled languages, the survey also provides a broad cultural overview of each language.

Relevance
The Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India recognizes 22 scheduled languages, excluding English, and the linguistic policies and funding of the Indian government are organised around this information. However, this information does not adequately convey the linguistic diversity of India. The 1961 Census of India had recorded 1652 languages being in use in India. However, it was decided to exclude languages spoken by less than 10,000 people in the 1971 Census, which brought down the figure to 108 languages. PLSI has followed the policy of including all languages in the survey, irrespective of the number of users. For example, it records a language called Chaimal in Tripura, which is spoken by only five people.

PLSI also highlights the phenomenon of dying languages. "On 26 January 2010, a lady who belonged to a community called Bo died in the Andaman Islands and she was the last speaker of her language that was also called Bo. Sadly, along with her, the continuous line of wisdom of 65,000 years was also gone." said G. N. Devy, the Chairperson of Bhasha Research and Publication Centre. Observing a link between changing economic realities and the survival of languages, Devy contends that "a language disappears when the livelihood options of the speech community disappear."

Selected findings
Of all the languages documented

The cleavage technique led directly to the first observation of the anomalous quantum Hall effect in graphene, which provided direct evidence of graphene's theoretically predicted Berry's phase of massless Dirac fermions. The effect was reported by Geim's group and by Philip Kim and Yuanbo Zhang, whose papers appeared in the same issue of Nature in 2005. Before these experiments other researchers looked for the quantum Hall effect and Dirac fermions in bulk graphite.

Even though graphene on nickel and on silicon carbide have both existed in the laboratory for decades, graphene mechanically exfoliated on  provided the first proof of the Dirac fermion nature of electrons.

Geim and Novoselov received several awards for their pioneering research on graphene, notably the 2010 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Recently, several important techniques have been developed to prepare nanostructured graphene, e.g., Graphene Quantum Dots (GQDs); these techniques mainly include electron beam lithography, chemical synthesis, electrochemical preparation, graphene oxide (GO) reduction, C60 catalytic transformation, the microwave assisted hydrothermal method (MAH), the Soft-Template method, the hydrothermal method, and the ultrasonic exfoliation method.

In 2014 National Graphene Institute, a £60m Graphene Engineering Innovation Centre (GEIC), was announced to support applied research and development in partnership with other research organizations and industry.

In North East England two commercial manufacturers, Applied Graphene Materials and Thomas Swan Limited (with Trinity College, Dublin researchers), have begun manufacturing. In East Anglia, another manufacturer, FGV Cambridge Nanosystems, is operating a large scale graphene powder production facility.

In 2016, Brown University introduced a method for 'crumpling' graphene, adding wrinkles to the material on a nanoscale. This was achieved by depositing layers of graphene oxide onto a shrink film, then shrunken, with the film dissolved before being shrunken again on another sheet of film. The crumpled graphene became superhydrophobic, and, when used as a battery electrode, the material was shown to have as much as a 400% increase in electrochemical current density.

Properties
Graphene has a theoretical specific surface area (SSA) of . This is much larger than that reported to date for carbon black (typically smaller than ) or for carbon nanotubes (CNTs), from ≈100 to  and is similar to activated carbon.

Structure

Graphene is a crystalline allotrope

Subsidiaries and associated companies
The companies that comprise the UAP Holdings include, but are not limited, to the following:

 UAP Insurance Company Limited – Nairobi, Kenya – 100% Shareholding – The flagship company of the group. Offering general insurance.
 UAP Life Assurance Limited – Nairobi, Kenya – 100 percent shareholding – Offering life Insurance.
 UAP Insurance Uganda Limited – Kampala, Uganda – 53 percent shareholding – Offering general insurance.
 UAP Life Assurance Uganda Limited – Kampala, Uganda – 53 percent shareholding – Offering life insurance.
 UAP Insurance South Sudan Limited – Juba, South Sudan – 100 percent shareholding – Offering general and life Insurance.
 UAP Financial Services Kenya Limited – Nairobi, Kenya – 100 percent shareholding – Offering financial services, investment management, Investment advisory, and brokerage services.
 UAP Financial Services Uganda Limited – Kampala, Uganda – 89 percent shareholding – Offering financial services, investment management, advisory and brokerage services.
 UAP Investments – Nairobi, Kenya – 100 percent shareholding – Offering unit trusts and pension services.
 UAP Properties Uganda Limited – Kampala, Uganda – 79 percent shareholding – real estate.
 UAP Properties Kenya Limited – Nairobi, Kenya – 100 percent shareholding – real estate.
 UAP Properties South Sudan Limited – Juba, South Sudan  – 70 percent shareholding – real estate.
 UAP Brokers – Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo – Offering brokerage services.
 Union Life Rwanda Ltd – Kigali, Rwanda – 100 percent shareholding – Offering life insurance.
 Union Insurance Rwanda Ltd – Kigali, Rwanda – 100 percent shareholding – Offering general insurance.
 UAP Century Insurance Company Limited  – Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, – 60 percent shareholding – Offering general and life insurance.
 UAP Africa Limited – Port Louis, Mauritius – 100 percent shareholding – Holding company for insurance businesses.
 UAP Investments – Port Louis, Mauritius – 100 percent shareholding – Holding company for advisory financial service businesses.
 UAP Properties – Port Louis, Mauritius – 100 percent shareholding – Holding company for real estate businesses.
 UAP Global Services – Port Louis, Mauritius – 100 percent shareholding – Dormant.
 UAP

Personal history
Jones was born in Middlesbrough, England in 1996. She was born with a missing femur. Jones is a former pupil of Ormesby School in Middlesbrough and Prior Pursglove College in Guisborough, and began studying Law at the University of Teesside in September 2014.

Athletic career
Jones was invited by wheelchair athlete, Tanni Grey-Thompson and her husband (and personal coach) Ian Thompson, to try out a racing chair during a school sports day visit. Within a few weeks Jones was training under Grey-Thompson and began entering competitive sport meets in 2009. Competing in sprint racing and long distance events, Jones trained with the New Markse club. In 2011, she competed in the IPC Athletics World Championships in New Zealand. She finished 5th in T54 200m race.

Jones recorded personal bests in the 400 m, 800 m and 1500 m in 2012, and qualified in all three events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Jones failed to qualify for the finals in both the 400 m and 800 m, finishing sixth and fifth respectively. In the 1500 m she qualified through finishing 5th in the preliminary heat, but failed to medal, coming last in the finals three seconds behind the winner Tatyana McFadden of the United States.

In September 2012 Jones entered the Great North Run. Competing in the Junior Wheelchair event, she won the Tyne Tunnel 2k race in 4 minutes 12 seconds.

In 2013, Jones qualified for the IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon. She raced in the T54 classification distance races, reaching the finals of the 400 m, 800 m, 1500 m and 5000 m. Her best finish was fourth in the 400 m.

In 2014 Jones won her first major international medals, whilst representing Great Britain at the IPC European Championships in Swansea. She took silver in the 800m along with a bronze in the 5,000m. Jones completed the year by winning a silver in the T54 women's race at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. In July 2016 it was announced that Jones had been selected for her second Paralympics, in Rio.
In 2018 at the British Commonwealth Games, hosted at Gold Coast Australia, she was the commonwealth champion in the paratrialthon ,finishing in a time of 1 hour 11 minutes and 7 seconds.

Achievements

References

External links 
 

From I.F.C.
Promoted to 1954 S.F.C.
 St. Vincent's

Relegated to 1954 J.F.C.
 Carnaross
 Castletown
 Donore
 Kilberry
 Longwood

To I.F.C.
Regraded from 1953 S.F.C.
 Slane

Promoted from 1953 J.F.C.
 Drumbaragh - (Junior Runners-Up & Kells District Champions)
 Navan O'Mahonys 'B' - (Junior Quarter-Finalists & Navan District Champions)

Strangely, neither of the 1953 J.F.C. Semi-Finalists Shale Rovers (North Meath District Champions) nor Curraha (Tara District Champions) were promoted.

League Table & Fixtures/Results
The club with the best record were declared I.F.C. champions. Many results were unavailable in the Meath Chronicle.

Round 1:
 Ballinlough 3-4, 1-2 Navan O'Mahonys 'B', Kells, 28/2/1954,
 Slane -vs- Ballinabrackey, Trim, 28/2/1954,
 Drumbaragh 0-11, 2-1 Kilcloon, Skryne, 7/3/1954,
 Duleek -vs- Dunderry, Skryne, 7/3/1954,

Round 2:
 Duleek 1-8, 0-1 Kilcloon, Pairc Tailteann, 21/3/1954,
 Drumbaragh -vs- Ballinabrackey, Ballivor, 11/4/1954,
 Ballinlough 2-6, 0-8 Dunderry, Kells, 25/4/1954,
 Slane 1-5, 1-1 Navan O'Mahonys 'B', Stackallen, 2/5/1954,

Round 3:
 Ballinlough 0-4, 1-1 Duleek, Pairc Tailteann, 2/5/1954,
 Slane 0-8, 2-1 Drumbaragh, Pairc Tailteann, 16/5/1954,
 Dunderry -vs- Kilcloon, Rathmolyon, 23/5/1954,
 Navan

History

At the turn of the 20th century there were many "road companies" producing shows in New York City. Once the production was assembled, the show traveled throughout the country.  One of the more popular tours went from New York to Richmond to Atlanta.  For a number of years, Abbeville was an overnight stop for the entire touring company.  Several members of the community decided that if this area had a facility, since the travelling companies were coming through the area anyway, Abbeville could sponsor some of these touring productions.

On October 1, 1908, what was then the Abbeville District dedicated a new Abbeville County Courthouse and City Hall.  The grand old theatre now known as the Abbeville Opera House was a part of that splendid pair of buildings "equal in beauty of architecture and modern conveniences of any in the state," according to regional newspaper accounts of the day.  From that time on, all the "greats and near greats" played on the magnificent Opera House stage.  Vaudeville was in its "heyday" as was Abbeville and the Abbeville Opera House.

Today, most people who visit the historic Abbeville Opera House see a building that
represents a microcosm of the history of Abbeville since the turn-of-the-century.  Efforts toward preservation and renewal of Abbeville and the renewal of 
the Abbeville Opera House began some thirty years ago. The restored Abbeville Opera House continues to be one of the strongest drawing cards for the tourism industry in the upstate of South Carolina. The theatre operates year-round.  The 
218 newly refurbished seats face a  stage.  The balcony has
92 seats and the turn of the 20th century boxes seat up to 6 people in each of the
four box seats.

References

External links

 Abbeville Opera House
 Greater Abbeville Information Network
 South Carolina Department of Archives and History page on Abbeville Opera House

Category:Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Category:Buildings and structures in Abbeville County, South Carolina
Category:William Augustus Edwards buildings
Category:Theatres in South Carolina
Category:Tourist attractions in Abbeville County, South Carolina
Category:National Register of Historic Places in Abbeville County, South Carolina
Category:Opera houses on the National Register of Historic Places
Category:Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina

Arcatao is a very small town in the Department of Chalatenango, El Salvador.

Geography
Arcatao is located 32 km east from Chalatenango at the border with the Republic of Honduras  in a small valley between the mountains; La Cañada and Caracol. Rivers include the Sumpul River, Lempa River, Zazalapa River and the Guayampoque River. Its little villages are: Cerro Grande, Eramon, Las Vegas, Los Sitios, Teosinte and Los Filos.

Demography
Population: 800 inhabitants in 1992, 2,895 in 2004 and about 2,990 in 2007.

Economy
The principal source of income comes from the agricultural sector. With its temperate climate most of the year and the heavy rainfall during the winter season, the soil is rich in nutrients allowing the growth of many crops like; white corn, a variety of colored beans, rice, sugar cane, tomatoes, watermelons, squash, chayotes, cucumbers. Fruits include mangoes, cashews, jocotes, bananas, coconuts and paternas. Other industries are the manufacturing of iron implements, like; knives, machetes, shovels, etc., and manual artistic souvenirs. Also monetary aid received from relatives working outside of El Salvador.

Roads
One of the roads is semi-paved and goes north-west bound, linking with other villages like Nueva Trinidad, San Jose Las Flores and Los Ranchos. This road in the near future will be part of the Route (CA-3) which will benefit many other cities along the border with Honduras. This project will start in Metapan ending in La Union. The other road goes south-east, connecting with the City of Nombre de Jesus (The Name of Jesus). There is another road linking with Guarita in Honduras and another goes east, which connects to La Virtud in Honduras as well. Autobuses travel to Chalatenango and San Salvador daily.

Education
There is a kindergarten and public School from 1st to 12th grade. Computer training and a public library is available.

Places of interest

Gualsinga River, should be called "the crystal river" due to this being one of the last crystalline waters in the country.
Eramon mount Located at 3,000 feet

The third issue opens with the Autobots being engaged by a swarm of drones. They easily rip through them, even killing Hardtop, but are put on the defensive as Thundercracker arrives, killing several of them. Arcee, furious at history repeating itself as her colleagues fall, manages to badly wound him, but it is too late: a recharged Starscream arrives and kills all but her. The Decepticons return to Cybertron, with Ramjet having prepared things for his new lord. The data transmitted has been used, and a new All Spark is now under construction, with Autobot slave labour doing the bulk of the work.

Starscream becomes more and more obsessed with not repeating the mistakes of Megatron and Prime and broods over Sector Seven Data showing Wreckage to be alive and working with them. Arcee arrives on Cybertron, having stowed away on the Decepticon ship, and falls in with the Autobot resistance led by Crosshairs and Clocker, who are considering a suicide strike to destroy the new Allspark and rescue the other Autobots. Starscream plans to use the Sparks of his Autobot captives (and an unfortunate Crankcase) to power up the new Cube. However, it inexplicably fails as Dreadwing betrays Starscream in an attempt to claim its power. A three-way battle breaks out between Dreadwing's drones, Starscream's forces and the Autobots. Dreadwing attempts to escape in a ship, travelling through the Space Bridge to Mars - unaware Starscream has followed him. The Decepticon leader rips out the traitor's Spark and vows to regain control as he gazes at Earth.

Links with other stories

The series is consistent with Target Corporation's second prequel comic to the film with Wreckage being killed by humans upon arriving on Earth. However, the third issue refers to the torture of Bumblebee's squad (including Arcee) by Megatron, an event which took place in the first issue of the original prequel series, which seemingly takes place in a different continuity. The Transformers use spaceships, the absence of which in the film is explained by the Decepticons parking theirs (the Nemesis) on Mars before flying as protoforms to Earth.

Starscream's story is directly followed up on in Transformers: Alliance, the first comic pre

Nvidia Optimus 
Nvidia Optimus™ is a computer GPU switching technology created by Nvidia that can dynamically and seamlessly switch between two graphic cards based on running programs.

AMD Enduro 
AMD Enduro™ is a collective brand developed by AMD that features many new technologies that can significantly save power. It was previously named as: PowerXpress and Dynamic Switchable Graphics (DSG). This technology implements a sophisticated system to predict the potential usage need for graphics cards and switch between graphics cards based on predicted need. This technology also introduces a new power control plan that allows the discrete graphics cards consume no energy when idling.

Manufacturers

Integrated graphics 
In personal computers, the IGP (integrated graphics processors) are mostly manufactured by Intel and AMD and are integrated onto their CPUs. They are commonly known as:
 Intel HD and Iris Graphics - also called HD series and Iris series
 AMD Accelerated Processing Unit (APU) - also formerly known as: fusion

Dedicated graphics cards 
The most popular dedicated graphics cards are manufactured by AMD and Nvidia. They are commonly known as:
 AMD Radeon
 Nvidia GeForce

Drivers & OS Support 
Most common operating systems have built-in support for this feature. However, the users may download the updated drivers from Nvidia or AMD for better experience.

Windows support 
Windows 7 has built-in support for this feature. The system automatically switches between GPUs depending on the program that's running. However, the user may switch the GPUs manually through device manager or power manager.

Linux support 
In the Linux systems, a patch named vga_switcheroo has been added to the Linux kernel since version 2.6.34 in order to deal with multiple GPUs. Here, the switch requires a restart of the X Window System to be taken into account.

Ubuntu Control Center allows the user to access vga_switcheroo functionality through a GUI.

Mac OS support 
Mac OS has built-in support for this feature since v10.5 Leopard. Since  OS X Mountain Lion, Apple has integrated the GPU monitor into the Activity Monitor.

Existing troubles 
 System incompatibility or unstable power supply may cause Blue Screen of Death or other bugs
 Unable to switch if the system wrongly estimated the required computing resource
 Switching may cause unstable voltage which

Scotland and the Netherlands shared the trophy after the final was abandoned without a ball being bowled due to rain. The Netherlands were the only associate nation to advance past the group stage in the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 tournament.

Teams

Format
From the 14 teams, the top 6 qualifiers will progress to the first (qualifying) round of the 2016 ICC World Twenty20, where they will meet the ninth and tenth-ranked full members (Bangladesh and Zimbabwe) in the ICC T20I Championship table as on 30 April 2014. The teams for the two groups along with the fixtures were announced on 14 May.

Squads

Scotland's Kyle Coetzer was not originally included in the 15-man squad, but was added on 10 June after Freddie Coleman withdrew due to personal circumstances. America's Steven Taylor withdrew from the squad on 22 June after securing a contract with Barbados Tridents in the Caribbean Premier League (CPL). He was replaced by Timothy Surujbally. On 2 July Hong Kong's Waqas Barkat was replaced by Giacomo Lamplough after Barkat was ruled out due to visa issues. Canada's Nikhil Dutta chose to stay with the St Kitts and Nevis Patriots in the CPL and was replaced by Hiral Patel. South African born Roelof van der Merwe obtained a Dutch passport a month before the tournament started and was selected over Vivian Kingma. Namibia's Zhivago Groenewald was replaced by Michau du Preez. Oman's Khawar Ali returned home for personal reasons midway through the tournament, and was replaced by Arun Poulose in their squad. However, Ali returned for the 5th place play-off match against Afghanistan, and in turn made his T20I debut.

Dutch bowler Ahsan Malik was reported for bowling with an illegal action following the Netherlands win over Scotland on 11 July. He was not allowed to take any further part in the tournament, until an independent assessment has taken place. Kenyan bowler James Ngoche was also suspended for bowling with an illegal action. This was following Kenya's match with Oman on 11 July. Along with Malik, Ngoche undertook an independent assessment. Hong Kong spin bowler Nizakat Khan was suspended for bowling with an illegal action, following Hong Kong's match against Nepal on 15 July. He too underwent an independent assessment. On

Gai-jin characters and firms
Struan and Company (the "Noble House" trading company of the novel) is based on Jardine Matheson Holdings, a massive Scottish trading company that continues to this day as an Asia-based trading company.

Malcolm Struan: loosely based on the real-life Jardine taipan William Keswick. 
Jamie McFay: based on Thomas Blake Glover. 
Edward Gornt: loosely based on John Samuel Swire, founder of John Swire & Sons Limited and Swire Pacific. 
Angelique Richaud: based on Amelia Dubeux, who was married to William Keswick.
Sir William Aylesbury: based upon Edward St. John Neale
Phillip Tyrer: loosely based upon Ernest Mason Satow
George Babcott: Dr. William Willis (1837–1894)
John Canterbury - based on the real-life Charles Lennox Richardson, murdered by Satsuma samurai

Japanese characters
Lord Toranaga Yoshi, Guardian of the Heir: Tokugawa Yoshinobu (1837–1913) 
Lady Hisako (Hosaki), his wife: Ichijō Mikako (1835–1894)
Misamoto, his interpreter: loosely based on Nakahama Manjirō (1827–1898) 
Shōgun Toranaga Nobusada: Tokugawa Iemochi (1846–1866)
The Emperor: Emperor Kōmei (1831–1867)
Lady Yazu: Chikako, Princess Kazu (1846–1877)
Lord Anjo: Andō Nobumasa (1820–1871)
Lord Sanjiro of Satsuma: Shimazu Hisamitsu (1817–1887)
Lord Ogama of Choshu: Mōri Takachika (1819–1871)
Rezan Hiraga, alias Ukiya, Nakama and Otami: Itō Hirobumi (1841–1909)
Akimoto: Inoue Kaoru (1836–1915)
Katsumata: anachronistically based on Yoshida Shōin, though the real-life Yoshida had been executed in 1859, three years prior to the events depicted.

Principal characters
Malcolm

The House of Usher is a 2006 American drama thriller film based on the Edgar Allan Poe story, "The Fall of the House of Usher". The film was directed by Hayley Cloake and written by Collin Chang. It stars Austin Nichols, Izabella Miko, and Beth Grant.

Plot
Jill Masters (Izabella Miko) has not seen or heard from her ex-lover, Roderick "Rick" Usher (Austin Nichols), or her best friend (Rick's twin), Madeline "Maddy" Usher (Danielle McCarthy), for three years. One night, Rick contacts Jill and informs her of Maddy's sudden death. Her last wish was for Jill to attend the funeral. Conflicted, Jill returns to the family home of the Usher family. Her love affair with Rick is rekindled as she learns he suffers from the same malady that robbed his twin sister, Maddy, of her sharp mind before taking her life. His affliction is manifested in a rare nerve condition, which renders him hypersensitive. Under the watchful eye of the caretaker, Nurse Thatcher (Beth Grant), Jill appears to be haunted by Maddy's ghost.

Meanwhile, Jill becomes intimate with Rick and tells him she has missed her period. A pregnancy test confirms Jill is pregnant. In the meantime, Jill has discovered that the Usher family has practiced twincest for the past five or six generations, right down to Maddy and Rick. All the prior generations had twins, who later became a couple and birthed twins of their own and so on down the line to Maddy and Rick, who were to continue the Usher curse.

Cast
 Austin Nichols as Roderick "Rick" Usher
 Izabella Miko as Jill Michaelson
 Beth Grant as Nurse Thatcher
 Stephen C. Fischer as Rupert Johnson
 Danielle McCarthy as Madeline "Maddy" Usher
 Elizabeth Duff as Nurse Lambert
 Robin Kurian as Shay
 Ann Richardson Howland as Edith

Production
The film was shot throughout Massachusetts: Danvers, Newburyport, and Rowley in April 2005 on a $130,000 budget.

See also
 Edgar Allan Poe in television and film

References

External links
 
 

Category:2006 films
Category:American films
Category:English-language films
Category:2000s thriller drama films
Category:American independent films


Side two
 	
Bonus tracks

Personnel

Leon Russell - Banjo, Bass, Composer, Guitar, Keyboards, Piano, Piano (Electric), Primary Artist
Willie Nelson - Guest Artist, Guitar, Guitar (Rhythm), Performer, Primary Artist, Vocals
Ann Bell - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Henry Best - Bass
Chuck Blackwell - Drums
J.J. Cale - Guitar, Guitar (Electric)
Chris Clayton - Horn, Vocals (Background)
Joey Cooper - Guitar, Vocals
John Gallie - Keyboards, Programming
Linda Hargrove - Guitar, Guitar (Acoustic)
Karl Himmel - Drums
Jim Keltner - Bass, Drums
William Kenner - Mandolin
Marcy Levy - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Tommy Lokey - Horn, Vocals (Background)
Jamie Oldaker - Drums
Don Preston - Dobro, Guitar, Vocals
Carl Radle - Bass
Edwin Scruggs - Guitar, Guitar (Acoustic)
Lena Stephens - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Odell Stokes -	Guitar
Pam Thompson -	Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Cam Wilson - Organ, Percussion, Vocals (Background)
Charlie Wilson - Keyboards, Vocals
Ric Wilson - Bass
Robert Sinclair Wilson - Bass, Drums
Ronald Wilson - Horn, Vocals (Background)
Pete Drake - Engineer, Guitar (Steel)
Tom Cartwright - Producer
Denny Cordell - Producer
Tom Russell - Engineer
Tami Masak - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Terence P. Minogue - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Kent Duncan - Engineer
Steve Hoffman - Engineer
Cheryl Pawelski - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Bernadette Fauver - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Margaret Goldfarb - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
John LeMay - Engineer
Charles Levan - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Tom Wilkes - Design

References

External links
YouTube, Stop All That Jazz, Leon Russell 

Leon Russell discography
Leon

GABA transporter type 2

GABA transporter 2 (GAT2; SLC6A13) also known as sodium- and chloride-dependent GABA transporter 2 is one of four GABA transporters, GAT1 (SLC6A1), GAT2 (SLC6A13), GAT3 (SLC6A11) and BGT1 (SLC6A12). Note that GAT2 is different from BGT1 despite the fact that the latter transporter is sometimes referred at as (mouse) GAT-2.

All these transporters are highly hydrophobic proteins with 12 transmembrane segments, extracellular glycosylation sites, and intracellular consensus sites for phosphorylation, and there is over 50% amino acid homology between each of them.  Each binds GABA with varying affinities with BGT1 having the lowest affinity and GAT3 the highest. GAT2 (SLC6A13) is predominantly expressed in hepatocytes in the liver, but is also found in proximal tubules in the kidney as well as in the leptomeninges and in some blood vessels in the brain.

Biological function

Brain
Deletion of the GAT2 gene in mice does not appear to have any dramatic effects on brain function in a normal situation. The only difference noted so far is a slight elevation of brain Taurine levels. This was an unexpected finding, but is in agreement with the notion that GAT2 permits efflux of GABA and taurine from the brain to circulating blood through the blood brain barrier. GAT1 and GAT3 have higher concentrations in the brain and have higher affinity to GABA. This makes them more likely than GAT2 to influence the activity of neurotransmitter GABA in the brain.

Liver
GAT2 is expressed in hepatocytes and is well positioned to take up GABA entering the liver from the intestine (via the portal vein), but it is not known if this is an important function. On the other hand, GAT2 is also able to transport taurine and it appears to be the major taurine transporter in the liver.

Kidneys
GAT2 is also present in proximal tubules in the kidney cortex, but only in the basolateral membranes. The physiological function is unknown.

Clinical significance
The clinical significance of GAT2 is at present undetermined.

Some anticonvulsants have been reported to act upon the GABA transporters.  There is evidence to suggest that GABA transporters are linked to epilepsy,

List of Boston Latin School alumni

Boston Latin School is a public exam school located in Boston, Massachusetts, that was founded in 1635. It is the first public school and the oldest existing school in the United States.

The school's first class included nine students; the school now has 2,400 pupils drawn from all parts of Boston. Its graduates have included four Harvard presidents, eight Massachusetts state governors, and five signers of the United States Declaration of Independence, as well as several preeminent architects, a leading art historian, a notable naturalist and the conductors of the New York Philharmonic and Boston Pops orchestras. There are also several notable non-graduate alumni, including Louis Farrakhan, a leader of the Nation of Islam. Boston Latin admitted only male students at its founding in 1635. The school's first female student was admitted in the nineteenth century. In 1972, Boston Latin admitted its first co-educational class.

Admission is determined by a combination of a student's score on the independent school Entrance Examination and recent grades, and is limited to residents of the city of Boston. Although Boston Latin runs from the 7th through the 12th grade, it admits students only into the 7th and 9th grades. In 2007, the school was named one of the top twenty high schools in the United States by U.S. News & World Report.

Alumni

Graduate alumni

 

 

 

 

 

}}

a  "—" indicates the year of graduation is unknown.

Non-graduate alumni

Abraham Captain Ratshesky ("Cap"). At age 14, he left Boston Latin School to work with his father. In 1895, he and his brother founded the U.S. Trust Company and was one of the founding members of Beth Israel Hospital. He donated a building in Boston to the American Red Cross, and was founder of the "Pennies Campaign" in 1925 where school children throughout the country raised money to restore the U.S.S. Constitution ("Old Ironsides"). In 1917, Ratshesky organized and financed relief efforts for the Halifax Explosion which killed over 2,000 Haligonians when an ammunition ship exploded in Halifax Harbour. The work of Ratshesky and his colleagues inspired the annual gift of the Christmas tree each year from Nova Scotia.

References

 
Category:Boston-related lists
Category:Lists of American people by school affiliation
Category:

History
KVIT went on the air after numerous failed attempts on January 29, 2011 as The Goldmine 90.7, which aired a Top 40 format.

In May 2012, KVIT began simulcasting on K224CJ 92.7 FM, which had been simulcasting KNRJ. K224CJ had been the 92.7 signal for :Energy 92.7 & 101.1, which was a Dance Hits station, on air from 2002 to 2008, and one of three similarly branded stations in the country (the others being KNGY Energy 92.7 FM in San Francisco, California and WKIE/WKIF/WDEK Energy 92.7 & 5 in Chicago, Illinois) all of which are now defunct. After Energy signed off, it became a part of a Classic Hip Hop format as 92.7 & 99.3 The Beat, later 101.1 The Beat (still simulcasting KNRJ 101.1 FM along with K257CD 99.3 FM on North Mountain).

After KVIT added the 92.7 signal, The Goldmine began to become very dance friendly, with former Energy 92.7 (later 101.1 The Beat) DJ and EVIT alumnus, DJ Perry, who had been programming and doing mixshows since before the station signed on.

On November 6, 2013, the current Dance-intensive format known as The Pulse' was launched.

On August 11, 2015, KVIT's format moved to new station KPNG 88.7, also owned by EVIT. On September 25, 2016, KVIT broke from the KPNG simulcast and its format was changed to classic country, returning to The Goldmine branding.

On May 23, 2018, KVIT's format moved to '80s/'90s variety, with an emphasis on ‘90s pop, changing its name to 90.7 NEON radio.  This change was not announced and followed almost 24 hours non-stop Dueling Banjos from the movie Deliverance.

Other programming

Occasionally, KVIT breaks from the 80s/90s format to air high school football games sanctioned by the Arizona Interscholastic Association from schools in the East Valley.

References

External links
Neon 90.7 website
East Valley Institute of Technology Official Website

VIT
Category:Radio stations established in 2011

He was ordained to the priesthood on June 3, 1939. He was in the Navy Chaplain Corps from 1943 to 1946 and took part in the Marine landing at Okinawa; he was cited twice for bravery.

Ryan served in the Diocese of Albany from 1946 to 1957 and was chancellor of the U.S. Military Vicariate from 1957 to 1958. From 1958 to 1960, he was based in Beirut, where he did relief work with the Catholic Near East Welfare Association and the Pontifical Mission for Palestine.

Archbishop of Anchorage
On February 7, 1966, Ryan was appointed the first archbishop of the Archdiocese of Anchorage, Alaska, by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following March 25 from Cardinal Francis Spellman, with Bishops Edward Joseph Maginn and Edward Ernest Swanstrom serving as co-consecrators. The Anchorage Archdiocese was erected following the 1964 Good Friday earthquake, and was formed from the South Central area of the Diocese of Juneau. After nine years in Alaska, Ryan was named Coadjutor Archbishop for the Military Vicariate and Titular Archbishop of Gabii on November 4, 1975.

Archbishop for the Military Services
After the death of Cardinal Terence Cooke, Pope John Paul II elevated the Military Vicariate (which had had the same ordinary as the Archdiocese of New York) to the rank of an Archdiocese and named Ryan the first Archbishop for the Military Services on March 16, 1985. In this capacity, he provided for the pastoral and spiritual care of Catholics in the United States armed forces and their families, residents of veterans hospitals and civilian government employees living abroad.

Retirement
He retired as archbishop on May 14, 1991 and returned to his native Albany, where he later died at age 86.

See also

 Catholic Church hierarchy
 Catholic Church in the United States
 Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
 Insignia of Chaplain Schools in the US Military
 List of Catholic bishops of the United States
 List of Catholic bishops of the United States: military service
 Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
 Military chaplain
 Religious symbolism in the United States military
 United States military chaplains
 United States Navy Chaplain Corps

References

External links
Official site of the Holy See

Category:1913 births
Category:2000 deaths


Analysis
Many of the tales collected in Mosses from an Old Manse are allegories and, typical of Hawthorne, focus on the negative side of human nature. Hawthorne's friend Herman Melville noted this aspect in his review "Hawthorne and His Mosses":

William Henry Channing noted in his review of the collection, in The Harbinger,  its author "had been baptized in the deep waters of Tragedy", and his work was dark with only brief moments of "serene brightness" which was never brighter than "dusky twilight".

Critical reception
After the book's first publication, Hawthorne sent copies to critics including Margaret Fuller, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, Edgar Allan Poe, and Henry Theodore Tuckerman. Poe responded with a lengthy review in which he praised Hawthorne's writing but faulted him for associating with New England journals, Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the Transcendentalists. He wrote, "Let him mend his pen, get a bottle of visible ink, come out from the Old Manse, cut Mr. Alcott, hang (if possible) the editor of 'The Dial,' and throw out of the window to the pigs all his odd numbers of the North American Review. A young Walt Whitman wrote that Hawthorne was underpaid, and it was unfair that his book competed with imported European books. He asked, "Shall real American genius shiver with neglect while the public runs after this foreign trash?" Generally, most contemporary critics praised the collection and considered it better than Hawthorne's earlier collection, Twice-Told Tales.

Regarding the second edition, published in 1854, Hawthorne wrote to publisher James Thomas Fields that he no longer understood the messages he was sending in these stories. He shared, "I remember that I always had a meaning—or, at least, thought I had", and noted, "Upon my honor, I am not quite sure that I entirely comprehend my own meaning in some of these blasted allegories... I am a good deal changed since those times; and to tell you the truth, my past self is not very much to my taste, as I see in this book."

Contents

 "The Old Manse" (1846)
 "The Birth-Mark" (1843)
 "A Select Party" (1844)
 "Young Goodman Brown" (1835)

Some time later, Mason, working with Briar and French law enforcement, meets with Gamieux on the pretense of trading the flash drive for a passport and a ride out of the country, leading to the latter's arrest. The charges against Mason are dropped, and he is offered a job with the CIA.

Cast
 Idris Elba as Sean Briar, a CIA agent. 
 Richard Madden as Michael Mason, an American pickpocket living in Paris.
 Charlotte Le Bon as Zoe Naville, an anti-fascist protestor. 
 Kelly Reilly as Karen Dacre, a senior CIA agent. 
 José Garcia as Victor Gamieux, the director of the DGSI.
 Thierry Godard as Rafi Bertrand, a corrupt commander in the French National Police RAPID Unit. 
 Anatol Yusef as Tom Luddy, leader of the CIA surveillance unit in Paris.
 Eriq Ebouaney as Baba, Mason's black market contact for stolen goods.
 Arieh Worthalter as Jean

Production
On 11 November 2013, Idris Elba joined the cast of the film. On 2 October 2014, Richard Madden joined the cast. On 18 May 2014, Focus Features acquired the rights to distribute the film in North America. Principal photography began on 13 October 2014 in Paris, and ended on 17 December 2014.

Release
The film was scheduled to be released on 19 February 2016 in the United Kingdom. However, following the terrorist attacks in Paris in November 2015, the film was delayed. Bastille Day was released simultaneously in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Sweden on 22 April 2016. In France, the film was released on 13 July 2016 to coincide with the dates in the story. Following the 2016 Nice attack, Studiocanal pulled the film from theatres on 17 July 2016, citing it as a "sign of respect for the victims and their families."

Reception
Bastille Day received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 45%, based on 64 reviews, with a rating of 5.2/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Bastille Day proves Idris Elba is an action hero in waiting – specifically, waiting for a script that deserves his talents". On Metacritic, the film has a score of 49 out of 100, based on 8 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

References

External links

USS Odax (SS-484)

USS Odax (SS-484), a Tench-class submarine, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for odax, a brilliantly colored, red and green fish belonging to the family Scaridae, the parrot fishes.  Her keel was laid down by Portsmouth Navy Yard on 4 December 1944. She was launched on 10 April 1945 sponsored by Mrs. Luise Fogarty, wife of Rhode Island Congressman John E. Fogarty, and commissioned on 11 July 1945 with Commander F. D. Walker, Jr. in command.

1940s

After shakedown off Portsmouth, Odax got underway 19 September 1945 for Guantanamo Bay to provide services to the Fleet Training Group. On 30 October, she sailed to Key West, Florida, for duty with the Fleet Sonar School and conducted operational training until September 1946.

In September 1946, as part of the Bureau of Ships post-war investigation of the high speed submarine, Odax was selected for conversion to a Greater Underwater Propulsive Power Program (GUPPY) and returned to Portsmouth. Completing conversion in August 1947, first of the GUPPY submarines, she sailed to Key West for extensive research development work.

1950s

In August 1951, Odax again sailed to Portsmouth for conversion. The major aspect was the addition of a snorkel and redesignation as a GUPPY II. She first put her snorkel to tactical use in a large scale convoy exercise in the spring of 1952.

From 1952 through 1955, Odax provided services to the Operational Development Force and Fleet Sonar School in Key West and to the Fleet Training Group in Guantanamo Bay. During 1956 she received new equipment of improved design at the Charleston Naval Shipyard and departed in December, bound for the North Atlantic, to operate with the British Fleet. Subsequent operations in 1957 included services to the Operational Development Force, training submariners in the latest tactics of undersea warfare.

In September 1958, Odax deployed to the Mediterranean Sea for a tour with the Sixth Fleet. During this deployment she transited the Suez Canal to participate in a Baghdad Pact exercise in the Arabian Sea.

After her return home, Odax changed home port transferring to Charleston, South Carolina, in February 1959. She sailed from here early in 1960 to return to the North Atlantic

The Big Tease

The Big Tease is a 1999 American comedy film starring Craig Ferguson, directed by Kevin Allen, and written by Ferguson and Sacha Gervasi.

Plot 
Ferguson plays Crawford Mackenzie, a Scottish hairdresser who, while being filmed as part of a fly-on-the-wall BBC documentary, is invited to the World Hairdresser International Federation annual contest. The documentary team (with Chris Langham playing the interviewer) follows Crawford to L.A., where he discovers that his invitation is to be a member of the audience rather than a competitor. He eventually weasels his way into the contest and produces the greatest creation of his career.

Other names for this film 
  (My Name is Crawford) (U.S. [working title])
 Scissors Cup (Japan, English video title)
  (Finland TV title) 
  (Spain) (With Great Style)
  (Germany)  (The Big Mackenzie)

Cast

Main
 Craig Ferguson as Crawford Mackenzie
 Chris Langham as BBC Interviewer
 David Rasche as Stig
 Frances Fisher as Candy
 Mary McCormack as Monique
 Donal Logue as Eamonn
 Isabella Aitken as Mrs. Beasie Mackenzie
 Kevin Allen as Gareth Trundle
 Angela McCluskey as Senga Magoogan

Supporting
 Francine York as Elegant Woman
 Nina Siemaszko as Betty Fuego
 Charles Napier as Sen. Warren Crockett
 Melissa Rivers as Dianne Abbott (credited as Melissa Rosenberg)
 David Hasselhoff as Himself
 Drew Carey as Himself
 Cathy Lee Crosby as Herself

Production 

It was filmed on location in Glasgow and Los Angeles. The inspiration for this film came from Craig Ferguson's desire to make a cheerful film celebrating Scottishness, as opposed to the epic nature of films like Braveheart and Rob Roy, or the downbeat quality of Trainspotting and Shallow Grave.
The script was snapped up by Warner Brothers after a five-day bidding war.
Warner Brothers was the only studio prepared to immediately greenlight the film. A fast turnaround was required so it could be shot while Ferguson was on hiatus from The Drew Carey Show.

The Big Tease was not the only hairdressing film in development at the time; The Big Te

When she was three years old, Haydn and her mother moved to the United States. For a time, they lived at the Brotherhood of the Source, a commune in the Hollywood Hills led by Father Yod. Haydn's father eventually rescued the two from the commune cult.

Career

Acting
Haydn began her career as a child actress at the age of seven. She initially appeared in commercials and moved on to television and film roles. From 1979 to 1980, she played Jenny Columbo, daughter of Lt. Columbo and his ex-wife, Kate Columbo/Callahan (Kate Mulgrew) in the Columbo spin-off series Mrs. Columbo. In 1983, she starred as Belinda Capuletti, the smart and sassy daughter of Rodney Dangerfield's character in the comedy film Easy Money. She also appeared in the first Not Quite Human TV movie in 1987, and was a regular cast member on the syndicated sitcom The New Gidget.

She has a bit part in the Michael Keaton movie Jack Frost for which Trevor Rabin composed the score.

Music
Haydn began playing the violin at the age of eight. She played her first professional gig in 1990. In 1992, Haydn graduated from Brown University with a BA in political science and began to pursue a career in music. Her debut album, Lili, was released in the fall of 1997 and was followed by Light Blue Sun in 2003 and Place Between Places in 2008, which she promoted with television and radio appearances such as The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and NPR. NPR described "Place Between Places" as "A mix of neo-psychedelic flower child and rock star virtuoso...Heifetz meet Hendrix." She contributed to the score of the Edward Burns/Jennifer Aniston film She's the One (1996), as well as several films with Hans Zimmer, including Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.

Haydn won a fellowship to the Sundance Film Institute composing in 2009, and has composed the film scores for three films,  Jacklight, The Horse Boy (premiered at Sundance Film Festival and released in 2009 by Zeitgeist Films), and "The Lightmaker".

In 2008, Haydn accompanied Roger Waters at the Coachella music festival when they played "The Dark Side of the Moon". Haydn also performed on Cyndi Lauper's True Colors Tour 2008. That

Throughout his working life he lived mainly in Dumfries, travelling around Dumfriesshire, Kirkcudbrightshire and Wigtownshire in the course of his work.  His papers show him to have made tours of Germany and Italy, as well as parts of England, notably Oxford, Cambridge and Fonthill. The architects John Edgar Gregan (1813–55), William Reid Corson (1821–86), his brother George Corson (1829–1910) and James Barbour (1834–1912) all served as apprentices under Newall.

Newall died at Craigend, New Abbey, on Christmas Day, 1863. An extensive archive of Newall's sketchbooks, drawings and plans have survived and were purchased by Dumfries Museum in the spring of 1991. Newall is buried in St. Michael's Churchyard, Dumfries.

Works
His built works included villas at Cardoness (1828), for Sir David Maxwell, Baronet, and Glenlair, Corsock (1830), home of mathematician and theoretical physicist James Clerk Maxwell. In Dumfries, Newall built the Assembly Rooms (1825), several commercial buildings including offices for his own use on the High Street, and several private houses including Moat Brae (1823), whose gardens, a childhood haunt of author J. M. Barrie, were the inspiration for Peter Pan. Newall remodelled a windmill in neoclassical style to serve as the town observatory, which later became the town museum. He designed St Mary's Church and clergy house at New Abbey built in 1824.  He also designed several Gothic churches, including those at Buittle (1818–19), Anwoth (1826–27), and Kirkpatrick Durham (1849–50). His Greek Revival-style villas were admired by J. C. Loudon, and Hannahfield (later called Ladyfield West), on the Nith south of Dumfries (the only Category A-listed building by Newall, but which has sadly not 'enjoyed' statutory protection) featured in his Encyclopaedia of Cottage, Farm, Villa Architecture (1834).

Gallery

External links
The Peter Pan Moat Brae Trust.

References

Category:1780 births
Category:1863 deaths
Category:Scottish architects
Category:Neoclassical architects

Marie Laura Violet Gayler BSc, DSc, MISI/MIM, HonMBDA (25 March 1891 – 2 August 1976) was an English Metallurgist whose most notable contributions to her field were in the areas of Aluminium alloys and dental amalgams. She spent most of her career at the National Physical Laboratory, where she, along with Miss Isabel Hadfield, was the first female to be appointed as staff in the department of metallurgy.

Early life and career 
Gayler was born in Bristol on 25 March 1891, the youngest of five daughters. Her parents were, Mr William Gayler, Director of Stamps and Excise at Somerset House and Ellen Amelia Chrismas, an artist, recipient of the Queen's Gold Medal from the Slade School in 1880 and whose work was exhibited at the Royal Academy.  

Gayler was educated at St Mary's School, Gerrards Cross  and went on to study Chemistry and Mathematics at Bedford College, London (part of the University of London), graduating with a BSc in 1912. After university she took a post teaching Botany at Colston's School, Bristol, before joining the Metallurgical Department of the National Physical Laboratory (United Kingdom) (NPL) in 1915 where she was one of the first two women to be appointed to Walter Rosenhain's scientific staff . Through her work at NPL, Gayler was elected member of the Institute of Metals in 1917 and member of the Iron and Steel Institute in 1918.  She went on to gain an MSc in 1922 and, in 1924, became the first woman to attain a DSc in Chemistry from the University of London.   

In 1934 Gayler married her NPL colleague Dr. John Leslie Haughton, although she continued to use her maiden name for professional purposes. Although the marriage bar remained in force in the UK civil-service until 1946, Gayle's boss applied for special dispensation and she became one of only 5 women within the civil service to be granted the privilege of being allowed to continue working once married. This was sufficiently significant to be reported in the newspapers at the time. 

Gayler retired from NPL in 1947 at the age of 56 and used her retirement to devote more time to her interest in sculpture. She sculpted the head of renowned Professor William Hume-Rothery which stands in the library of the Department of Materials at Oxford University

Research 
Gayler

This is a list of the world's countries and their dependent territories by area, ranked by total area.

Entries in this list include, but are not limited to, those in the ISO 3166-1 standard, which includes sovereign states and dependent territories. All 193 member states of the United Nations plus the Vatican City are given a rank number. Largely unrecognised states not in ISO 3166-1 are included in the list in ranked order. The areas of such largely unrecognised states are in most cases also included in the areas of the more widely recognised states that claim the same territory; see the notes in the "notes" column for each country for clarification.

Not included in the list are individual country claims to parts of the continent of Antarctica, entities such as the European Union that have some degree of sovereignty but do not consider themselves to be sovereign countries or dependent territories, and unrecognised micronations such as the Principality of Sealand.

This list includes three measurements of area:

Total area: the sum of land and water areas within international boundaries and coastlines.
Land area: the aggregate of all land within international boundaries and coastlines, excluding water area.
Water area: the sum of the surface areas of all inland water bodies (lakes, reservoirs, and rivers) within international boundaries and coastlines. Coastal internal waters (some small bays) may be included. Territorial waters are not included unless otherwise noted. Contiguous zones and exclusive economic zones are not included.

Data is taken from the United Nations Statistics Division unless otherwise noted.

Map

Countries and dependencies by area

Graphical charts 
The charts below are based on the CIA World Factbook as of February 15, 2005.

Sovereign states with areas greater than 100,000 km2 are shown in green. In addition, non-sovereign territories are included for purposes of comparison, and are shown in gray. Areas include inland water bodies (lakes, reservoirs, rivers). Claims to parts of Antarctica by various countries are not included.

Countries greater than 1.5 million km2

Countries less than 1.5 million km2

See also 
List of countries and dependencies by area, population and population density
List of countries and dependencies by population
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area
List of largest empires
List of sovereign states
Orders of magnitude

The Venetian branches of the Giustiniani family are extinct. The family name and arms have been assumed by Baron Girolamo de Massa (1946) and his sons, Sebastiano, Andrea, Nicolò, Pio, Giorgio and Lorenzo, and their descendants, by testamentary disposition of the mother, Elisabetta Giustiniani (Giulio Giustiniani of St. Barnabas's daughter,  sister of Maria Giustiniani married Vettor Giusti del Giardino and of Sebastiano Giustiniani, both without descendants).

In Genoa
Of the Genoese branch of the family the most prominent members were the following:

Giovanni Giustiniani (died 1453), a soldier, who personally financed and led 700 men to the defense of Constantinople against the final Ottoman siege of 1453. Gravely wounded in the hand and chest during the fall of the city, he died shortly afterwards.
 Paolo Giustiniani, from Moneglia (1444–1502), a member of the order of Dominicans, was, from a comparatively early age, prior of their convent at Genoa. As a preacher he was very successful, and his talents were fully recognized by successive popes, by whom he was made master of the sacred palace, inquisitor-general for all the Genoese dominions, and ultimately bishop of Skios and legate in Hungary. He was the author of a number of Biblical commentaries (no longer extant), which are said to have been characterized by great erudition.
 Agostino Giustiniani (1470–1536), Catholic bishop.
 Paolo Giustiniani (1476-1528) was trained as a lawyer then chose to become a monk in the Camaldolese order. He felt called to a more primitive and eremetical way of life, as it was followed in the early period of that order. He formed communities which followed the original way of life as established by its founder, St. Romuald. The monks who followed him were organized into the Company of Hermits of St. Romuald, which was eventually accepted as an authentic expression of the order by the monks based at the original motherhouse.  Finally, in 1523, the full order voted to recognize the followers of Guistiniani as a separate congregation within the tradition of the order. They took

The historical population is given in the following chart:

Politics
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the Swiss People's Party (SVP) which received 39.7% of the vote.  The next three most popular parties were the Social Democratic Party (SP) (15.4%), another local party (10.5%) and the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) (10.4%).  In the federal election, a total of 68 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 39.3%.

Economy

, Roches had an unemployment rate of 1.29%.  , there were a total of 45 people employed in the municipality.  Of these, there were 20 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector.  14 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector.  11 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector.  There were 122 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.0% of the workforce.

 there were a total of 35 full-time equivalent jobs.  The number of jobs in the primary sector was 13, of which 11 were in agriculture and 3 were in forestry or lumber production.  The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 13 of which 10 or (76.9%) were in manufacturing and 1 was in construction.  The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 9, of which 8 were in a hotel or restaurant.

, there were 39 workers who commuted into the municipality and 86 workers who commuted away.  The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering.  A total of 36 workers (50.7% of the 71 total workers in the municipality) both lived and worked in Roches.  About 10.3% of the workforce coming into Roches are coming from outside Switzerland.  Of the working population, 8.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 69.7% used a private car.

In 2011 the average local and cantonal tax rate on a married resident, with two children, of Roches making 150,000 CHF was 13.2%, while an unmarried resident's rate was 19.4%.  For comparison, the rate for the entire canton in the same year, was 14.2% and

Gettysburg
At the Battle of Gettysburg, Baxter's I Corps brigade arrived around noon just as Confederate Maj. Gen. Robert Rodes's 8,000 man division began to appear on Oak Hill. Baxter's brigade advanced far beyond the nearest Federal brigade on the right flank of the line and deployed in a V shaped formation along the Mummasburg Road. Rodes's division attacked piecemeal, and scores of Colonel Edward A. O'Neal's men were mowed down. Shortly afterward, a Confederate brigade under Colonel Alfred Iverson advanced without skirmishers and moved past Baxter's men, who were hidden behind a stone wall. Suddenly, the men of Baxter's brigade rose up and delivered a lethal fire into the North Carolinians. In one of the most one-sided exchanges during the war, Baxter's surprise attack killed, wounded and captured 758 of 1300 men in Confederate Iverson's brigade and eliminated it as an effective fighting force in under ten minutes. Running low on ammunition, Baxter's men withdrew to the north end of Cemetery Ridge, having lost all of the officers on Baxter's staff and close to half the brigade in defense of the I Corps right flank. He received glowing praise from his division commander, Maj. Gen. John C. Robinson, and a subordinate wrote that, "I wish to say one word outside of my regiment in regard to Generals Baxter and Robinson. They were on every part of the field, encouraging and stimulating the men by their presence and bravery."

1864–1865
Baxter retained command of his brigade during the reorganization of the Army of the Potomac in March 1864, a sign that he held the confidence of his superiors. His brigade was assigned to the 2nd Division, V Corps, under Maj. Gen. Robinson. At the Battle of the Wilderness, he was shot in the left leg, the bullet also killing his horse. After recuperating, he led a brigade in the 3rd Division, V Corps, during later stages of the siege of Richmond and Petersburg. He was mustered out of the volunteers on August 24, 1865. On May 31, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Baxter for the award of the brevet grade of major general to rank from April 1, 1865 and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on July 23, 1866.

Postbellum career
Baxter served as Register of Deeds for the State of Michigan and was then appointed by President Grant as Minister to Honduras

On 18 October 2015, Bailly was sent off shortly after the interval in a 2–1 loss to Celta de Vigo at Estadio El Madrigal. He made seven appearances as the team reached the last four of the 2015–16 UEFA Europa League; on 22 October he scored his first career goal and only one for the team, to conclude a 4–0 home group win over Dinamo Minsk.

Manchester United

On 8 June 2016, Bailly joined Premier League side Manchester United for a reported fee of £30 million, signing a four-year contract, with the option of an additional two. He was the first player signed by their new manager José Mourinho.

He made his competitive debut on 7 August in a 2–1 win against Leicester City at Wembley Stadium to win the FA Community Shield, and was named man of the match. He was again named man of the match on his Premier League debut a week later, a 3–1 win at Bournemouth.

He was voted Manchester United's Player of the Month for August 2016. Talking to MUTV, he said "The Man-of-the-Match awards are something I hadn’t thought about but I got them through the hard work I have put in. I hope to see more of that in the weeks ahead of us." On 23 October 2016, Bailly was substituted off in the 52nd minute after suffering a serious knee injury during the 4–0 loss at Chelsea. He made 11 appearances as the Red Devils won the Europa League, and was named in the Squad of the Season.

On 19 August 2017, Bailly scored the first league goal of his club career, Manchester United's first in a 4–0 away win over Swansea City, following up after Paul Pogba's header came back off the underside of the crossbar.

On 8 November 2017, Bailly suffered an ankle injury where he was sidelined for around 100 days and returned to action on 16 February 2018.

In July 2019, he was ruled out for a further four months after suffering a knee injury in a pre-season friendly against Tottenham Hotspur in China. On 10 January 2020, he made his return from injury by playing in a game with Manchester United's under-23 team against Newcastle United. On 17 January 2020, Bailly signed a two-year contract extension with United,

Demographics

As of 2011, the total population of the district was 23,347 compared to 18,258 in 2001. The growth rate of population during the decade was 2.49. The population in the district was 1.15 per cent of the total population in the country. The sex ratio stood at 106.17 for every 100 males, compared to 106.00 in 2001. The average house hold size was 2.45 in 2011 compared to 3.60 in 2001. There were 943 craft and related workers, 573 clerks, 2,053 people working in elementary occupation 186 legislators, administrators and managers, 1,083 plant and machine operators and assemblers, 128 professionals, 1,377 service workers, shop and market sales workers, 243 skilled agricultural and related workers, and 296 technicians and associated professionals, making the total work force 6,888.

Education and economy
As of 2011, there were a total of 11 schools in the district, with 1.70 per cent private schools. The total number of  students in the Council schools was 3,217 while it was 64 in private schools. The total number of students enrolled in the district was 3,281: 1,587 girls and 1,694 boys. The total number of qualified teachers was 154, 98 female and 56 male. There were around 16 temporary teachers, 6 male and 22 female. There was 1 untrained teacher in the district.

As of 2006, 1,260 were involved in  Agriculture, 322 in  Construction, 236 in  Education, 76 in  Electricity & Water, 095 in  Finance, 070 in  Foreign Mission, 236 in  Health, 510 in  Hotels & Restaurants, 314 in  Manufacturing, 107 in  Private Households, 1,743 in  Public Administration, 194 in  Real Estate, 185 in  Transport & Communications, and 681 in  Wholesale & Retail Trade. The total number of workers constituted 12,059 with 6,113 males and 5,947 females.

Administration
Botswana gained independence from the British in 1966 and adapted the colonial administration framework to form its district administration. The policies were modified during 1970-74 to address some of the basic issues. The district is administered by a district administration and district council which are responsible for local administration. The policies for the administration are framed by the Ministry of Local Government. The major activities of the council are Tribal Administration, Remote

Through an extensive series of reports for The Newcastle Herald, McCarthy is widely considered  to have played a role in initiating the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse.

The series of stories detailed incidents of historic sexual abuse of children within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Maitland-Newcastle, and attempts by the church at covering up the allegations of abuse while protecting the Catholic priests who were accused of abusing children.

McCarthy's series of articles commenced in 2006 when she received a phone call from a local reader who asked why the conviction of priest John Denham, who was still working with the church, had never been covered by the local media.  This prompted McCarthy to begin an ongoing investigation, beginning with the story of Denham which uncovered numerous cases of children being abused by priests across the Hunter Region, and subsequent cover-ups by the church including Patrick Cotter's cover-up of crimes perpetrated by Vince Ryan.

McCarthy also found the church had attempted to cover-up abuse allegedly committed by Denis McAlinden, who had died in 2005 without being successfully prosecuted.  McCarthy's reporting about McAlinden prompted the church to issue an apology for instances of abuse by church personnel with an admission that the church had already been cooperating with authorities regarding McAlinden "for some time".

Following the suicide of abuse victim John Pirona in 2012, McCarthy wrote an opinion piece where she said "there will be a royal commission because there must be", which prompted editor Chad Watson and McCarthy to spearhead the newspaper's "Shine the Light" campaign in an attempt for a royal commission to be held, to seek justice for the victims.  Following a "Shine the Light" rally, which was attended by Detective Chief Inspecter Peter Fox, Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard announced a royal commission would be created. Gillard's final act as Prime Minister in 2013 was to write a letter to McCarthy thanking her for the work she had done.

For her coverage on local historic child sex abuse cases within the Catholic Church, McCarthy won the 2013 Gold Walkley.

McCarthy has said she identifies with the movie Spotlight due to the similarities between her work and that of the investigative journalists at The Boston Globe who uncovered the Catholic Archdiocese of Boston sex abuse scandal.

Following a brief period of working as a nurse at the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, McCarthy began her journalism career with a cadetship at the Gosford Star

The Boomerang 20 is a sailboat that was designed by Eric Maizey in the late 1960s to race and cruise on Port Phillip in Melbourne Australia, sheltered water but choppy conditions. The original boats were built at the family home in Frankston with the assistance of the kids and neighbours in cold moulded ply. As interest grew and production increased, the majority were fibreglass construction. The hulls were built by contractors such as Bruce Orchard and fitted out at the Maizey home until the growing business took up residence in a factory in Kookaburra St. Frankston. Boomerangs began appearing at major regattas in increasing numbers, and their reputation for excellent sailing qualities and bulletproof design grew with their successful racing results. The class soon gained JOG qualification and so could race in the relevant offshore events. After Eric Maizey's untimely death, the business was sold and the Boomerang was built in Victoria, Australia, by Maison (Maizey and Son) Marine in the 1970s and later by Peninsula Yachts. The class association continued to grow. Many hundreds have been built over a 25-year period, and there are quite a few still around the waterways. The Boomerang 20 has always been a classic. It is one of the all-time best-sellers of the 20-foot trailer sailers,

Specifications 

I = 7.31 m

J = 2.517 m

P = 6.325 m

E = 2.362 m

Sailing details 
Handicaps;	PHRF	=,
		Portsmouth	=,
		IRC		=,
Class based Handicaps	
CBH (AUST.)	= 0.640 drop keel, 0.620 swing keel,	
			Other	= 	

Sailing characteristics

Notable performances

Accommodation 
Number of crew to race  =4, Berths =4, Galley =, Head =, Navigation =, Maximum headroom =,

Special features 
Vertical lift or swing centreboards available.

Construction 
 Country of origin Australia (Melbourne)
Hull material Moulded fibreglass
Manufacturer Peninsular yachts
Plans availability No

References 
 Magazine Trailer Sailing 1985, No 3, page 79, Publisher Michael Hannan

External links

In 1935, Wang Dazhi established the Xin'an Lüxing Tuan or  Xin'an Traveling Group (新安旅行团) to test Tao Xingzhi's education philosophy of treating society as one's school and to advocate national salvation in the face of Japanese aggression.  On October 10, 1935, Wang and 14 primary students left Huaian and began a 25,000 km journey that would take 17 years through 22 provinces and Hong Kong.  Along the way, they held public rallies, showed film, held dramatic and dance performances, sang songs, wrote articles and created artworks to advocated national salvation and anti-Japanese resistance.  Their group expanded to several hundred youth members.  They had no formal school structure but continued their education by teaching each other, inviting guest lecturers and undertaking new activities such as filmmaking and choreography.  Famous songwriters such as Wang Luobin, Tian Han and Nie Er wrote songs for them.  Group members were invited to act in Cai Chusheng's films.

They also drew patronage from political and military leaders across party lines.  Luminaries who lent support include Chen Guofu, Zhou Fohai, Feng Yuxiang, Jiang Qing, Tong Lin'ge, Zhao Dengyu, Fu Zuoyi, Ma Bufang, Wang Luobin, Zhu Shaoliang, Chen Cheng, Zhou Enlai, Guo Moruo, Tian Han, Bai Chongxi, Du Yuming, Li Jishen, Zhang Fakui, Li Kenong, Liao Chengzhi, Liu Shaoqi, Chen Yi, Zhang Aiping, Huang Kecheng, Su Yu, Rao Shushi and Zhu De.  Tao Xingzhi recounted the group's exploits in his fundraising trips overseas.

Many of Wang's students in the Xin'an Traveling Group went on to become accomplished artists, musicians, writers and leaders in the Chinese artistic world, including two past presidents of the China Academy of Art.

After the People's Republic of China was founded, Wang Dazhi first served as the president of Nanjing Xiaozhuang Normal College, his alma mater, which had been closed due to political reasons in 1930.  He then moved to Beijing to become the deputy director of Chinese Character Reform Committee (中国文字改革委员会) at the Ministry

Orus Apollo

The Orus Apollo is a manuscript work by Nostradamus written before 1555, and formerly owned by Jean-Baptiste Colbert, Louis XIV's finance minister. It contains two books of 182 verse epigrams. Its full title is ORUS APOLLO FILS DE OSIRIS ROY DE AEGYPTE NILIACQUE. DES NOTES HIEROGLYPHIQUES.

The work is a purported translation of an ancient Greek work on Egyptian hieroglyphs that had been commented on by Marsilio Ficino, Erasmus and François Rabelais. It was known to the artists Albrecht Dürer, Andrea Mantegna and Raphael. Although its title implies a connection to Egyptian gods, the French work is actually Nostradamus' extremely free translation of Horapollon of Manuthis' Hieroglyphica, based on Jean Mercier's Latin-Greek version of 1551. He also added some ten pieces of his own. The manuscript, apparently in Nostradamus's own hand, still exists in the Bibliothèque nationale de France, Paris, as French manuscript No. 2594. The paper has been analyzed, and found to date from 1535–1539 and to stem from somewhere in the general area of the Comtat Venaissin and Provence.

It was dedicated to Jeanne d'Albret, later (from 1555) Queen of Navarre, and is of particular interest to students of Nostradamus' Propheties for its near-total lack of either accents or punctuation (which suggests that their original manuscripts, too, may have lacked both).

It is now housed in the Lyon municipal library.

Sources
 Allemand, J., Nostradamus et les hiéroglyphes (Maison de Nostradamus, Salon, 1996)
 Lemesurier, P., The Unknown Nostradamus (O Books, 2003)
 Rollet, P. (ed), Interprétation des hiéroglyphes de Horapollo (Marcel Petit, 1993).
 Manuel Sanchez, Nostradamus Orus Apolo (Lulu, 2016)

References

External links
Full text of Prologue in French and English.

Category:16th-century manuscripts
Category:Nost

Vaj said her intention was not to degenerate national heritage. Responding to criticisms of the defacement of the statue, the artist said "If Banksy’s allowed to paint a naked man hanging out a window of a sex clinic, then why can’t Queen Vic be seen in all her glory?"  She also said, "“A lot of haters out there calling it vandalism. It ain’t vandalism. It’s a statement. Stand tall. Stand proud and love the vaj.”   Vaj told FEMAIL that Bristol lacks female street artists, and the quick removal was an example of sexism.  She was quoted by the publication Bristol 24/7 as saying of the quick removal, "'Other side of the street from Queen Vic is a Banksy cock, a naked man with his cock out and cos it's a Banksy the council are lovin it." She also pointed out that while Banksy's street art was protected, her similar work was criminalized.

Feminist aspects 
Her art has a feminist purpose, and she has said she is on a mission to address the gender inequalities in street art.  She told the Bristol Post, "The art world is male dominated. Fact. Street art is male dominated. Fact. So I've got to represent. I've got to redress the balance. [...] Queen Vic was a power woman. She was the original feminist and she was proud. All I did was show her how she wanted to be seen. What's so offensive about that?" Her work also brings attention to double standards in the art world. "They (Daily Mail) are saying my Vaj is offensive but when you look down the side of that site what do you see?" Graff asked. "Women with their tits out ... Double standards are everywhere." 

Her artwork faced criticism from feminists,  even as male street artists paint female genitalia and get praised for their feminist themed works.  Myla Lloyd is one such feminist critic, saying there were a number of well known female graffiti artists and everyone knew that Queen Victoria had female genitalia. Vaj has said that male artists spraying painting penises is about demarking space as intrinsically male.  Women painting women in this way also serves as a reminder that women exist.

References

External links 
 

Category:Street artists
Category:21st-century British artists
Category:21st-century British women artists
Category

EA is an acronym for Electronic Arts, an American video game company.

EA, E.A., Ea, or ea may also refer to:

Arts and media
 Eä, the World that Is of J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth universe
 Ea, fictional world of EA Cycle by David Zindell
 Amarna letters, ancient Egyptian correspondence

In business
 Enrolled agent, a federally authorized tax practitioner in the United States
 Enrolled actuary, a federally licensed actuary in the United States
 Executive assistant
 Enterprise architecture, a framework to analyse an enterprise
 Euro Area or Eurozone, a monetary union in Europe

Businesses and organisations

Airlines
 Ándalus Líneas Aéreas (IATA code 2008-2010)
 European Air Express (IATA code 1999-2007)
 Eastern Air Lines (IATA code 1925-1991)

Education
 City of Hialeah Education Academy, a school in Hialeah, Florida
 Edinburgh Academy, a school in Edinburgh, Scotland 
 Episcopal Academy, a school in Newtown, Pennsylvania

Sports
 European Athletic Association, commonly known as European Athletics

Other businesses and organizations
 Engine Alliance, a joint venture between General Electric and Pratt & Whitney
 Electricity Association, a former association of electricity companies in the United Kingdom
 Engineers Australia, a professional body
 Environment Agency, a regulatory body for the environment in England, part of the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
 Eusko Alkartasuna, a Basque political party
 National Solidarity (Greece) or , a Greek World War II-era welfare organization
 Emotions Anonymous, a program for those seeking to improve their mental or emotional health
 Enterprise Architect (software), a visual modeling and design tool based on the OMG UML

Places
 Eko Atlantic, a city in Lagos State, Nigeria
 Ea, Biscay, a town in the Basque province of Biscay, Spain
 Ceuta and Melilla, Spanish sovereign territories (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2  Exceptionally Reserved code EA)

Religion
 Ea (Babylonian god) or Enki, a water deity
 Evangelical Alliance, a UK group of Evangelical Christians
 Ecumenical Accompanier, a participant in the Ecumenical Accompaniment Programme in

Early life and education 
He was born in Middletown, Ohio, on January 26, 1917, to Calvin William Verity and Elizabeth (O'Brien) Verity. He roomed with John F. Kennedy at Choate, a Connecticut boarding school, starting a friendship with the future president. He graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy.

Graduating from college (Yale), and after working briefly (in defiance of his parents) as maître d' at an upscale Manhattan restaurant, Verity worked for most of his career at Armco Steel, a corporation founded by his grandfather, George M. Verity. He started there in 1940, and retired from Armco in 1982.

Secretary of Commerce 

Between 1980 and 1981, Verity was a chairman in the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. In 1981, he served as chairman of Reagan's bipartisan task force on Private Sector Initiatives (PSI). In 1983, he was appointed to be a member of PSI's Advisory Council and later served on PSI's Board of Advisors. Between 1979 and 1984, he co-chaired the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade Economic Council, a private sector council of American and Soviet businessmen.

During Verity's time at the U.S. Department of Commerce, he established the Commerce Hall of Fame in 1988 to honor good employees of the department. In 1988, he also created the Office of Space Commerce to support the National Space Council. That office was an early version of the Office of Space Commercialization, an office created to promote the effective commercial use of outer space. According to Jonathan Chait of The New Republic, Verity kept a passage from Ayn Rand's novel Atlas Shrugged on his desk, including the line "How well you do your work . . . [is] the only measure of human value."

Personal life 
Verity's wife, the former Margaret Wymond Verity known as Peggy, and had two sons and a daughter together, (Peggy Verity Power, Jonathan George Verity and William Wymond Verity).

He died on January 3, 2007, a complications of pneumonia, in Beaufort, South Carolina, at the age of 89. His wife, Peggy Verity died on Wednesday, January 20, 1999, at age 81.  He is interred in Woodside Cemetery, Middletown, Ohio.

References

External

So Lucky is an album by guitarist Noël Akchoté featuring tracks composed, performed, or inspired by Kylie Minogue. The album was recorded in 2006 and released by Winter & Winter in 2007.

Reception
All About Jazz said "French guitarist Noël Akchoté has previously been associated with avant-leaning projects of heady conception and eclectic leanings, so his new recording, So Lucky, may surprise fans for its overtly commercial appeal. A collection of straightforward renditions of diatonic melodies and functional harmonies, emphasizing tunefulness over improvisative exploration, the album's appeal lies in its subtle variations on a theme, tasteful texturing and rubato moments".

Track listing
All compositions by Matt Aitken, Mike Stock and Pete Waterman except as indicated
 "Bittersweet Goodbye" (Steve Anderson, Kylie Minogue) - 4:19
 "Some Kind of Bliss" (James Dean Bradfield, Kylie Minogue, Sean Moore) - 3:23
 "My Secret Heart" - 2:21
 "Come into My World" (Rob Davis, Cathy Dennis) - 2:59
 "Red Blooded Woman" (Johnny Douglas, Karen Poole) - 2:54   
 "The Loco-Motion" (Gerry Goffin, Carole King) - 1:38
 "Can't Get You Out of My Head" (Rob Davis, Cathy Dennis) - 3:32
 "Giving You Up" (Nick Coler, Miranda Cooper, Lisa Cowling, Brian Higgins, Kylie Minogue, Tim Powell, Paul Woods) - 3:03
 "Confide in Me" (Steve Anderson, Dave Seaman, Owain Barton) - 3:22
 "Tears on My Pillow" (Sylvester Bradford, Al Lewis) - 2:21
 "Fragile" (Rob Davis) - 2:42
 "Slow" (Dan Carey, Kylie Minogue, Emiliana Torrini) - 3:20
 "Tell Tale Signs" - 2:50
 "I Should Be So Lucky" - 3:47
 "Wouldn't Change a Thing" - 1:51
 "Turn It into Love" - 2:58
 "Especially for You" - 3:38
 "Fever" (Greg Fitzgerald, Tom Nichols) -

Yam Bahadur Ghale

Yam Bahadur Ghale (; born 1963), also known as YB Ghale, is a former forward of the Nepal national football team, as well as a former executive and technical director of the All Nepal Football Association (ANFA).

Career
Ghale, son of late Gaje Ghale, the Victoria Cross recipient, was the key member of the Nepali squad which won gold medal in football during the First South Asian Games in 1985. It is the greatest achievement of Nepali football team in international arena. Ghale who ended his career as player in 1994, featured in top flight domestic football from Ranipokhari Corner Team (RCT), Friends Club, Royal Nepal Airlines Club (RNAC) and Mahendra Police Club (now Nepal Police Club).

Retirement
His continued to contribute to Nepali football after his retirement as a player. He served as an executive member of ANFA for a term in 1996. He was also the technical director of ANFA and also the coach of top flight Jawalakhel Youth Club in 1995. Ghale, father of a five-year-old son, shoulders the responsibility of a family of five. He was speechless when asked about his feelings for being ignored by ANFA after spending the prime-time of his life for football.

Speaking during the function, Byanjankar said the fund was raised to honor Ghale´s contribution to Nepali football. He also pledged to support football in future as well. According to Byanjankar, he sold T-shirts in different cities of America and also used his personal funds to raise the funds. Upendra Man Singh, the president of Nepali National Football Players Association, said, "It is disappointing to see that none of the people residing in the country have cared for him."

Health
As of 2012, YB Ghale has been bedridden for the last 4 years after suffering from stroke, which resulted in paralysis. ANFA, the most powerful and financially sound sports association in the country, has not provided any support for Ghale´s treatment. Ghale´s wife Jamuna KC received  for his treatment from Nepali football fans residing outside Nepal. The amount was raised under the coordination of Rohan Byanjankar, a former player and lifelong member of Friends Club of Lalitpur, who stays in the United States of America. Ghale, considered as Nepal´s

Early life
Banerjee was born to a Zamindari Bengali Hindu family and is a descendant of the Raja Bahadur of Chanchal (Malda District) and the Raja of Uttarpara.

Education; personal life 
Banerjee attended St. Edmund's School, Shillong; graduated in English literature from St. Xavier's College, Calcutta; and did postgraduate studies in Comparative Literature at Jadavpur University.

He turned down a scholarship to Trinity College in Dublin, which had offered, through the Irish Christian Brothers, to admit him as an operatic tenor. He was the lead tenor in the Calcutta Light Opera Group production of The Desert Song, and played Jesus in Bombay Theatre's first ever musical production, Godspell.

He has a daughter who is a VFX supervisor.

Career
In 1984, Banerjee portrayed Dr. Aziz Ahmed in David Lean's film of A Passage to India, bringing him to the attention of western audiences. He was nominated for a BAFTA award for the role in 1986, and won the Evening Standard British Film Award and NBR Award (National Board Review, USA) for it. In April 1985, at a special event in Louisiana where John Travolta and Loretta Swit were also honoured, Banerjee received the "Show-a-Rama Award" from the Motion Picture Association of America as "New International Star".

He acted in Merchant Ivory Productions Hullabaloo Over Georgie and Bonnie's Pictures, Satyajit Ray's Shatranj Ke Khilari and Ghare Baire and in Mrinal Sen's Mahaprithivi. On the set of Gunday starring Priyanka Chopra, Mr. Banerjee has said that he feels "all work is a challenge and therefore fun". 

Though has been involved with Bollywood in recent years, Banerjee is primarily affiliated with the Bengali film industry. He also plays character roles from time to time in the British cinema.

He was also cast in the critically acclaimed role of "Jesus" in the 1988 production of the York Mystery Plays, by director Steven Pimlott.

Banerjee is the only person in India who has won the National Award in three categories: As a cinematographer, for his documentary Where No Journeys End (which, in competition with

Core Tex Records is a punk and hardcore record label based in the Kreuzberg district of Berlin, Germany. It was established in 1988 . Core Tex has become a centre for live music, playing host to a string of in-store live events as well as participating in an annual music festival called Myfest.

History 
Core Tex Records came into being in 1988, starting off as a small record shop run by punks in the Kreuzberg district of Berlin. With its particular status, West Berlin had long been a refuge for punks, anarchists, pacifists and alternative thinkers. It was a means of escaping military service and offered the ability to pursue alternative lifestyles with more tolerance than in other cities of West Germany. Kreuzberg had a long tradition of squatting, with many of the original squats being in Oranienstrasse. The building in which Core Tex Records is now based is also a former squat.

At the same time there was a large number of active members of the punk community forming bands and putting on shows. Many people were also involved in documenting the scene - photographers, fanzine writers and film makers were present, and labels such as Bonzen Records, Heartfirst Records and were creating a musical legacy and history of the Berlin punk and hardcore scene. The formative years of Punk in Berlin have been documented in depth on the "Berlin Punk Rock" double-album released on Weird System records.

In the early 1990s David Strempel - who had played in the punk band Fehlgeburt and hardcore band Charley's War - created the Mad Mob Records label. Tour booking agency M.A.D. organised a show at the SO36 Club in Kreuzberg showcasing the talents of the new generation of Berlin hardcore bands. The show was recorded and released on CD as the first Mad Mob Records release entitled "We'll Never Be Tamed".
Soon afterwards David joined forces with Udo Flutter and Andy Gindullis from Fun Records and they moved into the Core Tex premises on Oranienstrasse. Fusioning these businesses meant that they were a stones throw away from the important spots for the punk scene - the SO36, the Franken bar, Trinkteufel, the Trash Club, Wild At Heart and the Kopi squat.

Live Music Events 

With the location established the next logical step was for Core Tex to integrate further with the punk scene. A number of

Fell Foot Park is a country park, formerly the grounds of a Victorian house, situated beside Windermere, a lake in Cumbria, England, and in the ownership of the National Trust. It is just north of Newby Bridge on the A592 road in the civil parish of Staveley-in-Cartmel in South Lakeland district.

The estate was owned by Jeremiah Dixon, mayor of Leeds in 1784, who sold it in 1859 to Colonel G.J.M. Ridehalgh (1835-1892), a director of the North Lonsdale Iron and Steel Company, colonel of the 2nd Westmorland Volunteer Battalion Border Regiment and one of the founder members of the Royal Windermere Yacht Club. The house was demolished in 1907 to build a larger replacement, but the project was abandoned when the then owner died. The estate was given to the National Trust in 1948.

The manager's house (originally built as a gas works), several boathouses including one converted to a cafe, and a workshop and dock are Grade II listed buildings. They were constructed for Col. G.J.M. Ridehalgh. A local sailing and rowing club is located at the park and rowing boat and kayak hire is available during summer months. Other facilities include car parking, toilets, a gift shop and a playground.

Between March and September, Windermere Lake Cruises operate a passenger ferry service from Lakeside station to Fell Foot. At Lakeside, connection can be made to the same company's steamer service to Bowness-on-Windermere and the preserved Lakeside and Haverthwaite Railway.

The park's buildings were flooded during the 2015–16 Great Britain and Ireland floods.

A new watersports centre opened at the north end of the park in 2018. The park holds regular events, including a parkrun event every Saturday and the All England Open Stone Skimming Championships every August.

References

Further reading
 Note especially Appendix 1, Pages 36–38: "Fell Foot Park, Statement of Significance" for history of the estate.

External links

Fell Foot Park information at the National Trust
Illustrated guide to Fell Foot Park
 Includes links to many maps showing Fell Foot and a picture of the house

Category:National Trust properties in Cumbria
Category:Parks and open spaces in C

In 2005, Boone signed with the Carolina Panthers and was again allocated to the Berlin Thunder. He played in 10 regular season games and recorded 43 receptions, 582 yards, and five touchdowns. He helped the team to a berth in World Bowl XIII. After the NFL Europe season, he returned to the Carolina Panthers and spent time with the Panthers until he suffered a season ending shoulder injury.

Arena Football League
Boone joined the Philadelphia Soul in 2006. Later that season, he was traded to the Kansas City Brigade, where he was named to the AFL All-Rookie team. He recorded 66 receptions for 748 yards and 19 touchdowns.

Utah Blaze
In 2007, Boone signed with the Utah Blaze, where he played in only seven games, due to an early season ankle injury. For the season he recorded 32 receptions for 420 yards and eight touchdowns. In 2008, Boone completed his second year with the Blaze recording 135 receptions, 1,527 yards and 23 touchdowns.

In 2010, Boone recorded a career-best season, earning him All-Arena honors. He played in 16 games where he led the Blaze in all receiving statistical categories. Boone finished with 146 receptions for 1,448 yards and 46 touchdowns. This was the second straight season Boone had recorded over 135 receptions, 1,400 yards and 25 touchdowns. During a nationally televised game (NFL Network) versus the Milwaukee Iron on May 14, Boone scored a franchise best seven touchdowns in one game.

In 2011, was on pace to break the AFL single season receiving records in receptions, yards and touchdowns until halfway through the season when he suffered a career ending knee injury. Prior to the injury, Boone did became the All-Time Utah Blaze franchise leading wide receiver in all categories including receptions, yards and touchdowns.

Personal
Boone is the sixth of 10 children, five boys and five girls. He is from an athletic family; his father played football at BYU, his younger brothers Jesse and Jason both were star offensive lineman for Utah, they both went on to play professionally as well. His older sister Amy played basketball and volleyball at George Mason University as well as semi-pro basketball for the San Diego Wave of the NWBL.

Boone and his wife, Lindsay, currently reside in Heber City, Utah and have four young children; Kaiya, Dawson, Rowen and Easton.

RBU-6000

The RBU-6000 Smerch-2 (Реактивно-Бомбовая Установка, Reaktivno-Bombovaja Ustanovka; reaction engine-bomb installation & Смерч; waterspout) is a 213 mm caliber Soviet anti-submarine rocket launcher. It is similar in principle to the Royal Navy Hedgehog system used during the Second World War. The system entered service in 1960-61 and is fitted to a wide range of Russian surface vessels. It consists of a horseshoe shaped arrangement of twelve launch barrels, that are remotely directed by the Burya fire control system (that can also control the shorter ranged RBU-1000). It fires RGB-60 unguided depth charges. The rockets are normally fired in salvos of 1, 2, 4, 8 or 12 rounds. Reloading is automatic, with individual rounds being fed into the launcher by the 60UP loading system from a below deck magazine. Typical magazine capacity is either 72 or 96 rounds per launcher. It can also be used as a shore bombardment system.

The  system is an upgrade of the RBU-6000 system, firing the 90R rocket, which is actively guided in the water. This allows it to home in on targets at depths of up to 1,000 meters. The warhead is a 19.5 kg shaped charge, which enables it to punch through the hulls of submarines. It can also be used against divers and torpedoes. System response time is reported to be 15 seconds and a single-salvo has a kill probability of 0.8. RPK-8 entered service in 1991 and mounted on Project 1154 and 11356 frigates. Serial production of the upgraded 90R1 rocket was launched in 2017.

RBU-6000 were the most widespread anti-submarine rocket launchers in the Soviet Navy, used on many ship classes.

Launcher
 Weight: 3,100 kg (empty)
 Length: 2 m
 Height: 2.25 m
 Width: 1.75 m
 Elevation: -15° to +65°
 Traverse: 180°

RGB-60 projectile
 Weight: 113.5 kg
 Warhead: 23 kg
 Diameter: 0.212 m
 Length: 1.83 m
 Range: Ballistic  1 - 350 m

Clarkia pulchella is most famous for its use by botanist Robert Brown in the discovery of Brownian motion. Brown studied the pollen of Clarkia pulchella while immersed in water under the microscope. He used these pollen granules because they contain oblong particles, which he observed were 6 to 8 micrometres in length, and he thought that he could follow their progress during fertilization, which was the initial subject of his investigation. The plant is also known for its use by Newman and Pilson to demonstrate a causal relationship between genetic variation in a population and population survival.

Notes

References 

Brown, R. 1828. A brief account of microscopical observations, made in the months of June, July, and August, 1827 on the particles contained in the pollen of plants; and on the general existence of active molecules in organic and inorganic bodies. Privately printed. Reprinted in Edin. New Phil. J. 1828, 5, 358-371.
The Journals of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. 2005. U of Nebraska Press / U of Nebraska-Lincoln Libraries-Electronic Text Center. 5 October 2005.
Frederick Pursh, (1814). Flora Americae Septentrionalis: or, A Systematic Arrangement and Description of the Plants of North America, Vol. 1.
Philip A. Munz and C. Leo Hitchcock, (1929). A Study of the Genus Clarkia, with Special Reference to Its Relationship to Godetia, Bulletin of the Torrey Botanical Club, Vol. 56, No. 4 pp. 181–197.  
E. Small, I. J. Bassett, C. W. Crompton and H. Lewis, Pollen Phylogeny in Clarkia, Taxon, Vol. 20, No. 5/6 (Nov., 1971), pp. 739–746.

Newman, D. and Pilson, D. (1997) Increased probability of extinction due to decreased genetic effective population size: experimental populations of Clarkia pulchella. Evolution 51: 354-362.
Pearle, P., Collett, B., Bart, K., Bilderback, D., Newman, D., and Samuels, S. (2010) What Brown saw and you can too. Am. J. Phys. 78: 1278-1289. See also this site

External links


80’s and 90’s

In further work the author deepens into more lyrical and personal theatre, not exempted of political connotations. He also revisits contemporary history icons, deepening into their personal lives and social drama, questioning what has been written in official texts. In this line of work he writes Mata Hari: sentencia para una aurora (Mata Hari: A Dawn’s Sentence) (1987). Here he re- interprets the life of Mata Hari as a victim of the forces that be rather than the alleged double agent that faced trial for espionage. It was written during Arroyo's stay in the United States in the International Writing Program (IWP) founded by Paul Engle at the University of Iowa, and it earned him his first Aquileo J. Echeverría National Award. This play also gained him international recognition for it was also presented in Puerto Rico, Venezuela and later on, translated and staged in Brazil in 2002-2003. 
Arroyo broke new ground again in 1991 with his play La aventura del café (The Coffee Adventure). This tourist oriented play re-enacts the history of coffee, a product of the utmost importance for Costa Rican economy. This was the first play of its kind in Costa Rica and in 1995 received the award for Tourism Excellence by American Sightseeing International.  

His  auto sacramental La entrada de Jesús en Jerusalén (The entry of Jesus into Jerusalem)  was represented in the streets of Alajuela in 1995.

In 1997 Arroyo writes the huge open air spectacles Albores (Dawnings) and Leyendas (Legends), both dealing with Costa Rican traditions and history. These works would originate one of his most lavish and important works, the monumental play La tertulia de los espantos (The Soiree of Spooks). As it prologue reads, this play takes us “from the legend and myths of the creation of the world to the postmodern fragmentation of the spectacle” . This text re-elaborates what Arroyo did in his first years and presents it with the style and showmanship of contemporary theatre. This piece is considered the first Central American postmodern play. 

His further work shifts again to more personal and lyrical theatre, as in the contemporary piece El surco entre la flor y el labio (The Groove

Freedom of religion in Northern Cyprus

The constitution of Northern Cyprus protects the freedom of religion, and it states that Northern Cyprus is a secular state. The US Department of State report in 2002 stated that religious freedom was protected by law in Northern Cyprus and the government generally respected the freedom of religion. The freedom of religion report in 2007 by US Department of State also stated that "Turkish Cypriot authorities generally respected this right in practice" and the practice of religion was generally free. In 2009, Minority Rights Group International also reported that Turkish Cypriot authorities respected religious freedom in general.

Anglican churches 
There are two Anglican churches is Northern Cyprus.  They are:
 St Andrew's Church in Kyrenia
 St Mark's Church in Famagusta visit:

Orthodox Christianity 
In 2010, the US Department of State reported that "Greek Cypriot Orthodox and Maronite Catholics were allowed to perform religious services on a regular basis, without prior permission."

On 28 September 2010, Resolution 1631, was approved by the U.S. House of Representatives:
"... calling for the protection of religious sites and artifacts from and in Turkish-occupied areas of northern Cyprus as well as for general respect for religious freedom."

The Turkish Foreign Ministry responded with a press released statement, saying that the resolution had "many factual errors which may harm the credibility of the House of Representatives".

On 27 January 2011, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, in written declaration no. 467, condemned the alleged interruption of the Christmas mass in Northern Cyprus by Turkish troops and restrictions to the right to freedom of religion and worship.</blockquote> The declaration claimed that Turkish troops forced the priest conducting the service to remove his vestments and ordered everybody to leave the church, thus violating the European Convention on Human Rights.

On 18 March 2011, 204 Greek school books, including religious books, that were being taken to the schools at Rizokarpaso were confiscated by Turkish Cypriot customs officers at the Pergamos village barricade. The Turkish Cypriot daily newspaper Afrika, in a front page article, criticised those who claim that there is freedom of religion in Northern Cyprus when the religious books were confiscated.

Church service restriction controversy
On 20 May 2016, Northern Cypriot Foreign Minister Tahsin Ertuğruloğlu restricted Greek Orthodox communities to only hold a single religious service per year, with the exceptions of the Apostolos Andreas

Titokowaru, who had fought in the Second Taranaki War, was the most skilful West Coast Māori warrior. He also assumed the roles of a priest and prophet of the extremist Hauhau movement of the Pai Mārire religion, reviving ancient rites of cannibalism and propitiation of Māori gods with the human heart torn from the first slain in a battle. Although Titokowaru's forces were numerically small and initially outnumbered in battle 12 to one by government troops, the ferocity of their attacks provoked fear among settlers and prompted the resignation and desertion of many militia volunteers, ultimately leading to the withdrawal of most government military forces from South Taranaki and giving Titokowaru control of almost all territory between New Plymouth and Wanganui. Although Titokowaru provided the strategy and leadership that had been missing among tribes that had fought in the Second Taranaki War and his forces never lost a battle during their intensive campaign, they mysteriously abandoned a strong position at Tauranga-ika Pā and Titokowaru's army immediately began to disperse. Kimble Bent, who lived as a slave with Titokowaru's hapu after deserting from the 57th Regiment, told Cowan 50 years later the chief had lost his mana tapu, or sacred power, after committing adultery with the wife of another chief.

Once Titokowaru was defeated and the East Coast threat minimised, the alienation of Māori land, as well as the political subjugation of Māori, continued at an even more rapid pace.

Te Kooti's War

Te Kooti's War was fought in the East Coast region and across the heavily forested central North Island and Bay of Plenty between government military forces and followers of spiritual leader Te Kooti Arikirangi Te Turuki. The conflict was sparked by Te Kooti's return to New Zealand after two years of internment on the Chatham Islands, from where he had escaped with almost 200 Māori prisoners of war and their families. Te Kooti, who had been held without trial on the island for two years, asked that he and his followers be left in peace, but within two weeks they were being pursued by a force of militia, government troops and Māori volunteers. The pursuit turned into a four-year guerrilla war, involving more than 30 expeditions by colonial

Faubert worked as Robert Stanbury's executive assistant while Stanbury was Minister of Communications.

He ran for the Ontario legislature in the 1971 provincial election, in the constituency of Scarborough West.  He finished third, well behind Ontario New Democratic Party leader Stephen Lewis.  He ran again in the 1987 election, and defeated NDP incumbent David Warner by 481 votes in the constituency of Scarborough—Ellesmere.  For the next three years, Faubert served as a backbench supporter of David Peterson's Liberal government.  He served as parliamentary assistant to the Minister of Revenue from 1988 to 1989.

The Liberals lost the 1990 election to the NDP, and Faubert lost his seat to David Warner by over 4,500 votes.

He was elected as Mayor of Scarborough in 1994, succeeding Joyce Trimmer, who had retired, defeating future Progressive Conservative parliamentarian Marilyn Mushinski.  In this capacity, he led a public campaign against the 1997 amalgamation of Toronto.  When amalgamation became a reality and the City of Scarborough disappeared from the map, Faubert ran for and was elected to the new Toronto municipal council from a Scarborough ward.  He also supported Barbara Hall's unsuccessful mayoral campaign in the 1997 Toronto election.

Death and legacy
Faubert died in office in 1999. Frank Faubert Wood Lot on the south east side of Borough Drive was named in his honour, as was Frank Faubert Drive, a residential street just east of the Port Union Road/Lawrence Avenue East intersection in the Rouge Hill neighbourhood of Toronto.

The University of Toronto Scarborough (UTSC) now offers two scholarships in honour of Faubert. The Frank Faubert Scholarship in International Development Studies is awarded to students enrolled in the co-operative program in International Development. The Scarborough Frank Faubert Scholarships in Management is awarded to students enrolled in the 2nd, 3rd, or 4th year of management studies. The scholarship is open to applicants from any secondary school in the former city of Scarborough and is based on financial need.

The city of Toronto honoured him by creating the Frank Faubert Memorial Award for the Scarborough Arts Council’s annual art show.

References

External links
 

Category:1931 births
Category:1999 deaths
Category:Knights of Malta
Category:Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
Category:Mayors of Scarborough, Toronto
Category:Metro Toronto councillors
Category

Armando Trovajoli

Armando Trovajoli (also Trovaioli, 2 September 1917 in Rome – 28 February 2013 in Rome) was an Italian film composer and pianist with over 300 credits as composer and/or conductor, many of them jazz scores for exploitation films of the Commedia all'italiana genre. He collaborated with Vittorio De Sica on a number of projects, including one segment of Boccaccio '70. Trovajoli was also the author of several Italian musicals: among them,  Rugantino and Aggiungi un posto a tavola.

Trovajoli was the widower of actress Pier Angeli. He died in Rome at the age of 95 on 28 February 2013.

Radio
After graduating from the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome (1948), Trovajoli was entrusted by RAI with the direction of a pop music orchestra, set with 12 violins, 4 violas, 4 cellos, 1 flute, 1 oboe, 1 clarinet, 1 horn, harp, vibraphone, electric guitar, bass, drums and the piano (played by Trovajoli himself).
In 1952–53 he collaborated with Piero Piccioni in Eclipse, a weekly musical broadcast in which the orchestra is directed alternately by the two composers, in a style extremely refined and sophisticated, very different from the music of radio orchestras at that time.

Movie scores
Together with Goffredo Petrassi, Trovajoli composed the score of Giuseppe De Santis' Bitter Rice (1949). In 1951, Trovajoli was invited by Dino De Laurentiis to write music for Anna, a film directed by Alberto Lattuada: particularly the song El Negro Zumbón became an international success: inspired by tropical rhythms, is sung in playback and danced by Silvana Mangano, but actually performed by Flo Sandon's.
Since then, Trovajoli wrote soundtracks for directors as Dino Risi, Vittorio De Sica, Ettore Scola and others, for a total of over 300 scores.

Selected filmography

Two Nights with Cleopatra (1954)
 A Day in Court (1954)
Poveri milionari (1958)
Il vedovo (1959)
Uncle Was a Vampire (

In the Winter War, Bovellan fought in Colonel Hjalmar Siilasvuo's troops. He led many successful patrols to Soviet territory and was awarded the Iron Cross.

After the Winter War, Onni Bovellan changed his surname to Palaste. He worked as director of the Vuokatti sports academy and also met his wife Kerttu Klemetti.

Onni Palaste started writing factual, but slightly dramatised novels about the Winter War in 1967. His original inspiration to writing was winning a short story competition during the war, after which his fellow soldiers suggested he try writing full-length novels. He had written about twenty war novels, the latest of which was published in 2004. He has also written a three-novel mini-series about Simo Hurtta, a Swedish tax official during the 17th-18th century Greater Wrath.

Onni and Kerttu Palaste lived their elder years in Helsinki, Finland. Onni Palaste died on 1 July 2009 at the age of 91. He and his wife Kerttu are survived by their four children.

Bibliography
 Rukajärven sissit, 1967
 Minä, desantti, 1970
 Sissi rajan takaa, 1972
 Siviilisissit Stalinin kanavalla, 1973
 Simo Hurtta, 1978
 Suomussalmen sankarit, 1979
 Talvisodan ääniä, 1980
 Irina ja Mannerheim, 1981
 Simo Hurtta ja Anna, 1982
 Simo Hurtta ja Isoviha, 1983
 Aina Hangosta Petsamoon, 1984
 Sissiretki surman suuhun, 1985
 Isät katsovat poikiaan, 1985
 Toki kallehin on vapaus, 1986
 Lapin sissi, 1988
 Viimeiseen sissiin, 1992
 Raappanan miehet, 1996
 Korpisodan sankarit, 1998
 Kaukopartio, 2003

External links
 Article about Onni Palaste (in Finnish)

References

Category:1917 births
Category:2009 deaths
Category:People from Kiuruvesi
Category:Writers from Northern Savonia
Category:Finnish military personnel of World War II
Category:Recipients of the Iron Cross
Category:20th-

Electric Guitar Series (Discontinued)

Elite series
Contemporary series
Lead Series
Master series
Plus series
Standard Series

Steel Guitars

Lap and Console Steel Guitars 

 Fender Champion Lap Steel
 Fender White Steel
 Fender Stringmaster

Pedal Steel Guitars 

 Fender 400 8-string pedal steel
 Fender 800 10-string pedal steel 
 Fender 1000 double neck 8-string pedal steel
 Fender 2000 double neck 10-string pedal steel

Basses

Electric basses
Electric basses in mainstream production:

Fender Jaguar Bass
Fender Jazz Bass
Fender Mustang Bass
Fender Precision Bass

Discontinued basses
Electric basses no longer in mainstream production:

Fender Bass V
Fender Bass VI
Fender Bronco Bass
Fender Bullet Bass
Fender Coronado Bass
Fender Dimension Bass
Fender JP-90
 Fender MB-4
 Fender MB-5
Fender Musicmaster Bass
Fender Performer Bass
Fender Prophecy II Bass
Fender Starcaster Bass
Fender Telecaster Bass (as Squier Vintage Modified Precision Bass TB)
Fender Urge Bass
Fender Zone Bass

Electric Bass Series (Current)

Most bass guitars in mainstream production are available in the following series:

American Original Series
American Professional Series
American Elite Series
American Artist Series
Classic Series
Deluxe Series
Limited Editions
Player Series

Pawn Shop basses
Fender Pawn Shop Bass VI
Fender Pawn Shop Reverse Jaguar Bass
Fender Pawn Shop Mustang Bass

Artist Models (Bass)
 Fender Duck Dunn Signature Precision Bass
 Fender Duff McKagan Precision Bass
 Fender Flea Jazz Bass
 Fender Frank Bello Signature Bass
 Fender Geddy Lee Jazz Bass
 Fender Jaco Pastorius Jazz Bass Fretless
 Fender Justin Meldal-Johnsen Mustang Bass
 Fender Marcus Miller Jazz Bass
 Fender Marcus Miller Jazz Bass V (5-String)
 Fender Mark Hoppus Jazz Bass
 Fender Mike Dirnt Precision Bass
 Fender Noel Redding Signature Jazz Bass
 Fender Pino Palladino Signature Precision Bass
 Fender Reggie

In March 2012, the incoming State LNP Government announced it did not support the proposed New Acland Coal Mine Stage 3 Project in its then current form. New Hope then entered into discussions with the State Government about options to continue the operation at the mine.

In response to concerns raised in March 2012 by the incoming Queensland Government about the project's potential impacts, the proponent modified the project, including reducing its scope, resulting in a modified project proposal that was 63 per cent, or 2,300 hectares, smaller than the original proposal. New Acland Coal also proposes to move the existing Jondaryan rail coal load-out facility onto the mine site. An eight-kilometre rail spur would connect the facility to the existing rail line. Additional changes to the plan include leaving the Acland town area, including the Tom Doherty Park, the War Memorial and the Acland No 2 Colliery, in place.

The revised project has also been changed so that the mining operations will sit 10 km from the township of Oakey; the introduction of profiling and veneering technology at the project's rail loading facility and no longer require that the Lagoon Creek be diverted for mining operations.
 
On 9 November 2012 the Commonwealth Department of Sustainability, Environment, Water, Population and Communities confirmed it had accepted the modified project proposal. The controlling provisions for the assessment of the project under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (Cwlth) were unchanged.

On 26 March 2013, the Queensland Coordinator-General released the final Terms of Reference (ToR) for the New Acland Coal Mine Stage 3 Project.

'''

Major breach of environmental law
New Acland Mine was caught drilling 27 illegal bores in 2018 and fined $3,152 by the Queensland government, a figure an environment group has labelled “paltry”.

Documents obtained under Queensland freedom of information laws show the state Department of Environment and Science believed the Darling Downs miner had committed a “major” breach of environmental laws.

A formal “decision memo” detailed that the mine had conducted exploration drilling activities – including drilling at 27 sites and prepping 41 more – on land not designated for mining activity.

Redundancies offered to all employees as Stage 3 approval not forthcoming
On 22 August 2019, New Acland Thermal coal mine workers have been offered redundancies as stage 3 deadline approaches. Offers for

Jazz på ryska

Jazz på ryska ("Jazz in Russian")  is an album by jazz pianist Jan Johansson. It was issued in 1967 and consists of jazz arrangements of Russian folk songs. The mixer at recording was Olof Swembel. The album was originally published by the record company Megafon. In 2005 a remastered version produced by disc label Heptagon Records was released. On this edition are six bonus tracks.

Jazz på ryska is also included along with the Jazz på svenska album, released on Heptagon 1994.

Track List
The music is conventional unless otherwise specified.

Original LP
Nära hemmet – 2:21
På ängen stod en björk – 2:52
Stepp, min stepp – 3:45
Bandura – 2:25
Längs floden – 2:06
Det går en kosack – 1:23
Mellan branta stränder – 2:42
Pråmdragarnas sång på Volga – 3:43
Jag broderade till gryningen – 1:53
Kvällar i Moskvas förstäder (music: Vasilij Solovjov-Sedoj / text: Michail Matusovskij) – 4:19
Entonigt klingar den lilla klockan – 1:56
Ströva omkring – 0:47

CD Edition (2005)
Stepp, min stepp – 3:45
Mellan branta stränder – 2:42
Pråmdragarnas sång på Volga – 3:43
På ängen stod en björk – 2:52
Nära hemmet – 2:21
Bandura – 2:25
Längs floden – 2:06
Ströva omkring – 0:47
Entonigt klingar den lilla klockan – 1:56
Det går en kosack – 1:23
Kvällar i Moskvas förstäder (music: Vasilij Solovjov-Sedoj / text: Michail Matusovskij) – 4:19
Jag broderade till gryningen – 1:53
Pråmdragarnas så

UK CD3
"Bachelorette" (RZA Remix) – 5:49
"Bachelorette" (Alec Empire Hypermodern Jazz Remix) – 5:49
"Bachelorette" (Alec Empire the Ice Princess and the Killer Whale Remix) – 6:23
"Bachelorette" (Grooverider Jeep Remix) – 9:11

EU CD
"Bachelorette" (radio edit) – 3:37
"Bachelorette" (RZA Remix) – 5:49
"Bachelorette" (Mark Bell Optimism Mix) – 5:49
"Bachelorette" (Mark Bell Zip Remix) – 4:18
"Bachelorette" (Mark Bell Blue Remix) – 2:52
"My Snare" (aka "Nature is Ancient") – 3:37

JP Bachelorette / Jóga EP
"Bachelorette" (radio edit) – 3:37
"Bachelorette" (Howie Spread Mix) – 5:49
"Bachelorette" [Mark Bell Zip Remix] – 4:18
"Bachelorette" (Alec Empire Hypermodern Jazz Remix) – 5:49
"Bachelorette" (Grooverider Jeep Remix) – 9:11
"Jóga" (Buzz Water Remix) – 4:21
"Jóga" (Alec Empire Hardcore Mix 1) – 3:02
"Jóga" (Alec Empire Hardcore Mix 2) – 4:15
"Jóga" (album version) – 5:09
"Jóga" (String and Vocal Mix) – 4:25

VHS single
"Bachelorette" (music video) – 5:26

Remixes
Alec Empire Hypermodern Jazz remix
Alec Empire The Ice Princess and the Killer Whale remix
Grooverider Jeep remix
Howie Spread mix
Mark Bell Blue remix
Mark Bell Optimism remix
Mark Bell Zip remix
Radio edit
RZA remix
Clams Casino – Illest Alive (Sample)

VHS single
"Bachelorette" (music video) – 5:26

"My Story" by

Ana Belén Álvaro

Ana Belén Álvaro Bascuñana (born April 24, 1969) is a former Spanish basketball player, representing Spain from 1988 to 2002 and winning a gold medal at the 1993 European Championship. At club level, she won the 1993 FIBA European Champions Cup and 6 Liga Femenina titles.

Club career 
After playing in her childhood club at Mollet del Vallès, she went to Hospitalet to play for Mecalux in 1984, thus making her debut in Liga Femenina at 15. After Mecalux resigned its position in the top tier, she played for Natural Cusí in nearby El Masnou, where she spent two seasons. As one of the most promising young players of her time, she got transferred to the Caja Toledo - BEX Banco Exterior project, with other young Spanish prospects in order to prepare for the 1992 Summer Olympics. After the Olympic tournament, she won back-to-back leagues with Dorna Godella and Pool Getafe. With Dorna Godella she went to win the 1992-93 FIBA European Champions Cup. She had another successful spell at French club Union Sportive Valenciennes Olympic, where she won one French league, one French cup and became runner-up of the 2000-2001 Euroleague.

National team 
She made her debut with Spain women's national basketball team at the age of 19. She played with the senior team for 14 years, from 1988 to 2002, with a total of 204 caps and 8.5 PPG. She participated in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, 2 World Championships and in three European Championships:
 9th 1985 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship for Women (youth)
 12th 1986 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women (youth)
 6th 1988 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women (youth)
 5th 1989 FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women (youth)
 5th 1992 Summer Olympics
  1993 Eurobasket
 8th 1994 World Championship
 9th 1995 Eurobasket
 5th 1997 Eurobasket
 5th 1998 World Championship

Coaching career 
She became assistant coach in the French club St. Amaund Leseau in 2003. Back in Spain she continued her coaching career in clubs of the Valencian Community, including her old club Dorna Godella

Heiney was born in South Pasadena, California, and grew up in South Pasadena and San Gabriel.  He served in the Merchant Marine and the Navy during World War II and afterward earned a B.A. from University of Redlands. He joined the faculty of University of California, Irvine in 1965 and later co-founded UCI's writing program. One of his students was Michael Chabon, who later won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. His distinguished colleagues included novelist Oakley Hall, Victorian scholar and poet Robert Peters, and literary critic Hillis Miller.

Publishers Weekly has described his work as "known for...metaphysics, hints of magic and the absurd, and a profound preoccupation with the duality of human nature," and the Chicago Tribune Book World called him "a gifted craftsman, a meticulous writer whose powers as a story teller are as compelling as the sexual tensions he imagines."

His novel The Balloonist, published in 1976 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux, tells the story of a polar expedition, similar to and possibly inspired by the real journey made by S. A. Andrée. The Balloonist was nominated for the National Book Award in 1977. It was reissued in 2011 by the UK publisher Galileo and in 2012 in the United States by The Overlook Press, with a foreword by Philip Pullman and positive reviews from The Guardian, The Wall Street Journal, and The Washington Post. The Overlook Press also published his previously-unpublished novel The Carp Castle in 2013, and reissued his novel Screenplay (1982) in 2014, reviewed as "the mature work of a writer whose ability to juggle multi-layered concepts seems effortless." The reissued Screenplay was also positively reviewed by OC Weekly and Kirkus Reviews.

He received a 1982 Award in Literature from the American Academy of Arts and Sciences for his entire body of work. In 1985 his novel Tenth earned him a Special Achievement Award from the PEN Los Angeles Center.

Heiney died in 1993, at age 71, at his home in Newport Beach, California.

Bibliography 

Fiction by MacDonald Harris:

  1961  Private Demons. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Co. 
  
  1964  Mortal Leap. New York: W. W. Norton & Co. Also London: Michael Joseph Ltd, 1964.
   
  1968

By July 2000, Black had pleaded guilty to providing loans to college players in Florida, was facing SEC fraud charges, was being sued by several of his players for the money they lost in Cash 4 Titles, and had been indicted in Detroit on money laundering and drug charges related to his involvement in Bryant’s investments in Cash 4 Titles. Black ended up pleading guilty to money laundering.

Consequences

Black was sentenced to 82 months in prison on the money laundering charges in Michigan. In Florida, he fought the SEC charges but was found guilty of fraud, and obstruction of justice. Four years later, while in jail, Black represented himself in an appeal of a civil suit the SEC had filed against him and won. The court found there was no evidence that Black knew anything about the Cash 4 Titles scheme.

In June 2001, the television program “America’s Most Wanted”  aired a segment on Dean Parker, a fugitive in the Detroit cocaine case. Black agreed to be interviewed for the program in prison, talking about his relationship with Parker and how he had allowed Parker to use Black's leased jet to escape to Jamaica. Parker committed suicide  a few months later as police were about to arrest him in East St. Louis, Illinois.

In October 2004, while still in prison, Black sued Vince Carter for $14 million in unpaid agent fees. Black won and to avoid a protracted appeal, settled for $10 million with the Carter family.

Black was released from federal prison in December 2007, and from a halfway house in May 2008.

Clients Represented

Terry Allen (New England Patriots)
Reidel Anthony (Tampa Bay Buccaneers)
Carl Banks (New York Giants)
Eric Bienemy (Philadelphia Eagles)
Robert Brooks (Green Bay Packers)
Vince Carter (NBA; Toronto Raptors)
Mark Clayton (Miami Dolphins)
Germane Crowell (Detroit Lions)
Rae Carruth (Carolina Panthers)
Antuan Edwards (Green Bay Packers)
Troy Edwards (Pittsburgh Steelers)
Kevin Faulk (New England Patriots)
Harold Green (Atlanta Falcons)
Jacquez Green (Tampa Bay Buccaneers)
Deon Figures (Jacksonville Jaguars)
Ike Hilliard (New York Giants) 
Jevon Kearse (Philadelphia Eagles)
Ed McDaniel (Minnesota Vikings

Warwick Hele

Sir Warwick Hele (1568 – 15 January 1626) was an English landowner and  politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1625.

Origins
Hele was the eldest son of John Hele (died 1608), a money-lender and MP and was a brother of John Hele (died 1605), also MP for Plympton Erle.

Career
He was a student of Inner Temple in 1581. In 1597 he was elected a Member of Parliament for Plymouth. He was treasurer with Gregory Sprint for maimed soldiers for  Devon  by 1600 and was a J.P. for Devon from about 1601. He was knighted in 1603. In 1605 he was elected an MP for Plympton Erle. He succeeded to the large local estates of his father in 1608. In 1614 he was elected MP for Plympton Erle again. He was Sheriff of Devon from 1618 to 1619. In 1621 he was re-elected MP for Plympton Erle and was again elected MP for Plympton Erle in 1625.

Marriage

Hele married firstly Mary Halse, daughter of John Halse of Kenedon and secondly, as her first husband, Margaret Courtenay (d.1628), eldest daughter of Sir William Courtenay (1553–1630), of Powderham in Devon, de jure 3rd Earl of Devon, by his first wife Elizabeth Manners, a daughter of Henry Manners, 2nd Earl of Rutland. Margaret survived him and remarried to Sir John Chudleigh. Her mural monument survives in St Mary Magdalene's Church, Richmond, Surrey, showing kneeling effigies of herself and her second husband 
Sir John Chudleigh.

Death
Hele died at the age of about 58.

References

 
 

Category:1568 births
Category:1626 deaths
Category:Members of the Inner Temple
Category:People from Plymouth
Category:High Sheriffs of Devon
Category:English landowners
Category:People of the Tudor period
Category:People of the Stuart period
Category:English MPs 1597–1598
Category:English MPs 1601
Category:English MPs 1604–1611
Category:English MPs 1614
Category:English

Rather than a linear narrative, we instead see various scenes and vignettes involving the main characters, such as Julien working at a school for the blind, going to confession, muttering to himself on the streets and imagining conversations with Hitler. Pearl meanwhile learns to play the harp, looks for baby clothes for her soon-to-be-born child, lists her favorite baby names and cuts her father's hair. Chris spends nearly the entire film working out and practicing wrestling moves on trash cans, even having a frustratingly unserious match with Julien. The father recounts historical stories, lambasts Julien and Pearl for "artsy-fartsy" poetry and being "a dilettante and a slut" respectively, and pines for his dead wife.

At the film's climax Pearl and Julien are at an ice-skating rink. Julien tries to sell some homemade skates to a Hasidic boy and Pearl takes to the ice despite being heavily pregnant. She trips, landing on her abdomen and causing a miscarriage. At the hospital, Julien convinces a nurse to let him hold the baby, saying it is his. She allows it, but while alone with the baby, Julien escapes home on a bus.

Julien goes to his room, hides under the blankets, cradles the baby and mutters prayers. The film ends with ice-skating footage.

Cast
 Ewen Bremner as Julien
 Chloë Sevigny as Pearl
 Werner Herzog as Father
 Evan Neumann as Chris
 Joyce Korine as Grandma
 Chrissy Kobylak as Chrissy
 Victor Varnado as Rapper
 Brian Fisk as Pond boy
 Virginia Reath as Gynecologist
 Alvin Law as Card-playing neighbor
 Tom Mullica as Magician
 Ricky Ashley as Hasidic boy
 Carmela García as Nurse

Production
Julien Donkey-Boy was the first American film made in accordance with the Danish filmmaking manifesto Dogme 95. It was shot in New York on MiniDV tape, the film was transferred to 16mm film before being blown up to 35mm film for the master print. Korine used this method to give the film a low-definition, grainy aesthetic.

The film utilizes several cinematographic styles, including stop-motion photography, parallel cuts, and still photographs in order to tell its story.

Dogme 95
K

In his senior year at CVHS Hull earned First Team All-League honors, amassing over 1,000 yards total offense. In the last game beating Burbank HS, Mike had 137 yds. rushing, on 20 carries, with just 70 yds passing.  He also ran the high and low hurdles, long jumped and ran the relays on the Falcon track team.  At the close of his career at CVHS Hull was also the Student Body President, and held every Falcon varsity football rushing and total offense record.

He was recruited by several university teams but decided to start locally at Glendale College and gain some experience in the T-formation, where he matured into a versatile fullback/halfback.  He was named the offensive MVP Running Back, and All-Conference, on Glendale's Western Conference Championship Bowl team, before heading to the University of Southern California in the spring to run track as a Trojan freshman.

At USC, Hull converted to full-time fullback, working himself into a starting role for the Trojans for three years, playing on two Rose Bowl teams and the 1967 USC National Championship Team. Between his sophomore year blocking for Heisman Trophy winner, Mike Garrett, and his senior year blocking for future Heisman winner OJ Simpson, Hull led the USC Rose Bowl team in rushing avg. with 6.7 yds. per carry, winning the "Roy Bullet Baker" award as the Trojans' Most Valuable back. He was also selected as the Most Valuable Player in the USC vs. UCLA game, while rushing for 147 yds on 14 carries against the Bruins.

Professional career
Hull was drafted in the first round of the 1968 NFL draft by the Chicago Bears, the 16th player selected.  He played for the Bears for three years, suffering through the Brian Piccolo tragedy, though helping All Pro and future Hall of Famer Gale Sayers, as the lead blocker.

In 1971 Hull was traded to the Washington Redskins for three players, joining coach George Allen's "Over-the-Hill-Gang".  He played in 86 consecutive games with the Redskins over five NFL seasons, six NFL playoff games, the NFL Championship and the Super Bowl, where he was a Special Teams leader.

Law career
After seven years in the NFL, Hull started his law school education at Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C., earning his

Comedy career

1980s
Under the name 20th Century Coyote, Edmondson and Mayall became one of the star attractions at The Comedy Store.  As their popularity grew, Edmondson, Mayall and other upcoming comedians, including Nigel Planer, Peter Richardson, Alexei Sayle, and French and Saunders moved from the Comedy Store to The Comic Strip club. The Comic Strip soon gained a reputation as one of the most popular comedy clubs in London and soon came to the attention of Channel 4. Edmondson and the others were commissioned to act in 6 self-contained half-hour films, using the group as comedy actors rather than stand-up performers. The series, entitled The Comic Strip Presents... debuted on 2 November 1982 (the opening night of Channel 4). The first episode to be broadcast was "Five Go Mad in Dorset", a parody of Enid Blyton's Famous Five, which drew anger from some viewers for the way it mercilessly satirised a children's classic. Edmondson starred as one of the five.

By the same time as The Comic Strip Presents... was being negotiated, the BBC signed Edmondson, Mayall, Richardson, Planer, and Sayle to star in The Young Ones, a sitcom in the same anarchic style as The Comic Strip. (Richardson later decided not to proceed and was replaced by Christopher Ryan.) The show revolved around the shared house where four students lived during their studies at Scumbag College. It was noted at the time of its first airing for its violent slapstick, and the series retains a cult following.  During this time, Edmondson also appeared in a bank advertisement in what was basically his "Vyvyan" guise. Following the success of The Comic Strip Presents... and, to a greater extent, The Young Ones, Edmondson and Mayall returned to their "Coyote" dynamic in the double act "The Dangerous Brothers" with Edmondson as "Sir Adrian Dangerous" in Saturday Live (1985–1987). In 1983, he appeared as the lead singer "Vim Fuego" in the spoof heavy metal band called "Bad News" with his Young Ones co-stars Rik Mayall, Nigel Planer, and Peter Richardson of "Comic Strip Presents...".

On 11 May 1985, Edmondson married fellow Comic Strip actor Jennifer Saunders

Guangzhou Evergrande
On 28 April 2010, Sun announced that he gave up joining A-League side Sydney FC and transferred to second tier side Guangzhou Evergrande instead. He made his debut for the club alongside Zheng Zhi on 21 July 2010 in a 10–0 win against Nanjing Yoyo. He scored his first goal for the club on 18 September 2010 in a 2–1 win against Yanbian FC. In the 2010 season, he made fourteen appearances as Guangzhou finished first place in the second tier and won promotion back to the top flight at the first attempt. The following season Sun continued to be a major part of the club that invested heavily in improving the squad; and with the club bringing in two-time Campeonato Brasileiro Série A Player of the Year winner Darío Conca, the club won its first ever top tier title in the 2011 season.

Shanghai SIPG
On 5 January 2015, Sun transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG. He made his debut for the club on 7 March 2015 in a 2–1 win against Jiangsu Sainty. On 17 July 2016, Sun accidentally collided with Demba Ba and broke Ba's left leg in a 2–1 loss against Shanghai Shenhua. In December 2016, it was revealed that Sun was diagnosed as highly aggressive B-cell lymphoma. Sun did not clarify or confirm the report. On 6 February 2017, Shanghai SIPG announced Sun had left the club due to "physical problems".

Career statistics

Club statistics

1Other tournaments include A3 Champions Cup.
2Other tournaments include Chinese FA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup.

International goals

Results list China's goal tally first.

Honours

Club
Shanghai Shenhua
Chinese FA Super Cup: 2002

PSV Eindhoven
Eredivisie: 2006–07

Austria Wien
Austrian Cup: 2008–09

Guangzhou Evergrande
Chinese Super League: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014
Chinese League One: 2010
Chinese FA Cup: 2012
Chinese Super Cup: 2012
AFC Champions League: 2013

International
China PR national football team
East Asian Football Championship: 2005, 2010

Individual
Chinese Super League Team of the Year: 2005, 2012
AFC Champions League Dream Team: 2013

References

External links
Sun X

At the outbreak of  the Second World War, Benson joined the "Wrens", the Women's Royal Canadian Naval Service as a petty officer, creating a photographic documentary at the Basic Training Establishment in Galt, now Cambridge, Ontario with over 3000.

Montreal Camera Club

Following her honourable discharge, Benson pursued her photographic hobby by studying for a year at the Vermont School of Photography. Upon her return to Montreal she became an active member of the Montreal Camera Club in 1936, eventually serving as the club's first female president from 1965-67.

Kingston Photographic Club

In 1970, Benson moved to Kingston, Ontario, and became a member of the Kingston Photographic Club. She devoted much of her time there to helping other members improve their techniques and eventually began writing "Camera Capers" in 1975, a regular column in the club's newsletter dedicated to helping its members improve their work.

Legacy

Awards

Both Dorothy Benson's photography and personality left a great impression during her time in the Montreal Camera Club and the Kingston Photographic Club. In honour of her contributions, there are two awards sharing Benson's name for nature photography.

For her time as the first female president, the Montreal Camera Club awards the Dorothy Benson Trophy to the Class B member having the highest aggregate score for 12 Nature Images submitted during any one year.

Similarly, for Benson's dedication to helping new members learn in her column "Camera Capers", the Kingston Photographic Club awards a trophy of the same name annually for the top nature photographer.

Girl Guides

Benson's preferred subject was nature photography, her camera accompanying her on camping excursions as a dedicated Girl Guides leader. Many of her nature photographs would be used in the Girl Guide book for many years to come (Ward, 35).

Camera Capers

The Kingston Photography Club would eventually adopt Benson's "Camera Capers" as the official title of their newsletter and continues to do so to this day.

Nature Photography

Benson successfully exhibited in the Photographic Society of America competitions in the print, nature and colour slide divisions, the majority of her works are held in the Queen's University archive as well as the National Gallery of Canada.

Benson was known to explore all aspects of photography, however, her interest was in nature colour slide photography. Benson considered photography to be more than a hobby some of her favourite spots were her family cottage at Thousand Islands and the Ride

Guy Lagneau was born in 1915.
He was a pupil and admirer of the architect Auguste Perret, whose later reconstruction of Le Havre (which was devastated during World War II) was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
He participated in setting up the Pavillon of Modern Times for the International Exposition of 1937.
As a student at the École des Beaux-Arts, in the Perret-Courtois studio, he designed a hotel at the edge of a lake, with a symmetrical but rhythmic structure of exposed reinforced concrete. This design was published in 1942 in a polemic article written by Michel Roux-Spitz, an opponent of traditionalist architecture.
Lagneau played a very active role in the 3rd Perret studio in the 1942–1954 period, following the advice of Le Corbusier.

Lagneau was among the architects who collaborated with Perret on the project to rebuild Le Havre, involved in the northern section.
During the summer of 1945, he worked with André Le Donné, André Hermant and José Imbert to prepare the first draft of the new city plan, synthesizing the work of other architects, from which Perret developed the final plan submitted on 26 September 1945.

1950s

Lagneau broke with the architectural principles of his master, Perret.
He believed in light architecture, more like that of Le Corbusier. 
Through his work in Africa, he became deeply interested in the relationship between architecture and climate.
In 1952 he founded the Atelier LWD, with Michel Weill and Jean Dimitrijevic, a partnership that was active from 1952 to 1987.
Their first major project was the Hotel de France in Conakry, Guinea, designed in 1953 and completed in 1954.
This was a long, seven-storied building, supported by pillars, with a restaurant located in a circular pavilion.
The interior and furniture were designed by Charlotte Perriand and Jean Prouvé in 1953.

In March 1958, Lagneau unveiled the House of the Sahara, a home-made prototype made in collaboration with Weill, Dimitrijevic, Prouvé and Perriand. In this work, they proposed a modern answer to the question of housing under extreme climatic conditions by applying the principle of separation.
The house consisted of cabins cooled by air-conditioning in the

Bus
Riga Airport is accessible by bus line 22 and mini bus line 322, operated by Rīgas Satiksme, which runs between Riga city centre and the airport. Moreover, there are international bus connections from the airport to cities in Estonia, Lithuania, Poland, Germany, Russia and Belarus.

Car
Riga Airport can be reached by car via the highway P133 which connects the airport with European route E22. The airport has 3 car parking areas, with ~1500 parking spaces, offering both short- and long-term parking.

Rail
An airport train station is included as part of the Rail Baltica project. A contract for construction design was signed on 20 March 2018.

Incidents and accidents
 On 17 September 2016, an airBaltic Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 NextGen aircraft made an emergency landing on the runway of Riga International Airport without its nose landing gear deployed. The plane was carrying 63 passengers and 4 crew members and was forced to return to Riga International Airport following issues with its front chassis. The runway was closed between 10:26 and 15:55 as a safety precaution following an emergency landing. Seven inbound flights and four outbound flights were cancelled, 17 flights were diverted to Tallinn Airport and Kaunas Airport and others were delayed. The aircraft involved was YL-BAI and the flight BT 641 was scheduled to fly from Riga to Zürich Airport. No injuries were reported.
 On 17 February 2017, a VIM Airlines charter flight to Ufa, Russia slid off the runway during take-off. The plane was carrying 40 passengers and 7 crew members. No injuries were reported. The aircraft's engine was damaged as it hit airport equipment. The runway was inspected and closed for three hours after the incident. Flights were diverted to Tallinn Airport and Kaunas Airport and others were delayed.

See also
 List of the busiest airports in Europe
 List of largest airports in the Baltic states
 List of the busiest airports in the former USSR
 List of airports in Latvia
 Transportation in Latvia
 Rīgas Satiksme (Riga Public Transport)

References

External links

RIX Marks the Spot for Expansion

Category:Airports built in the Soviet Union
Category:Airports in Latvia
Category:Airports established in 1973
Category:1973 establishments in the Soviet Union
Category:1973 establishments in Latvia

From 1979 until 1989, the African representatives were determined purely on a home and away qualifying basis without a final tournament, with the African champions determined through the same qualification. Since 1991 there has been a qualifying stage followed by a final tournament played by 8 teams in a chosen country.

On 6 August 2015, the CAF Executive Committee decided to change the name of the tournament from the African Youth Championship to the U-20 Africa Cup of Nations, similar to the senior's version, Africa Cup of Nations.

In July 2016, Total has secured an eight-year sponsorship package from the Confederation of African Football (CAF) to support 10 of its principal competitions, including the U-20 Africa Cup of Nations Champions League, renamed Total U-20 Africa Cup of Nations.

Tournament summary

African U-21 Qualifying for World Cup

African U-21 Cup of Nations

African U-21 Championship

African U-20 Championship

Africa U-20 Cup of Nations

Performance by nation

Source for winners and runners-up: RSSSF

* = As hosts

Participating nations

Legend

 – Champions
 – Runners-up
 – Third place
 – Fourth place
 – Semi-finals
QF – Quarter-finals
GS – Group stage
PR – Preliminary round
1R – First round
2R – Second round
q – Qualified
 — Hosts
 ×  – Did not enter
 •  – Did not qualify
 ×  – Withdrew before qualification
 — Withdrew after qualification
 — Disqualified after qualification

Participating nations by year of debut
Participating nations by Debut (Until 1989, counted Round 1, after 1991 counting Final 16)

Before 1989
1979: , , , , , , , , , , 
1981: , , , , 
1983: , , , , , 
1985: , 
1987: 
1989: , ,

After 1991
1991: , , , ,  (hosts), 
1993: ,  (hosts), , 
1995: , , 
1997: , 
1999: , 
2003: , 
2005: ,  (hosts)
2007: ,  (hosts)
2009:  (hosts)
2011: No new team
2013: , 
2015: No new team
2017: No new team
2019:

Laurel Fork Railway

The Laurel Fork Railway was a small, standard-gauge logging railroad that operated entirely in Carter County, Tennessee from 1912 to 1927. Built by the Pittsburgh Lumber Company to serve a double-band sawmill at Braemar, in present-day Hampton, Tennessee. 

The Laurel Fork Railroad at its peak totaled no more than  of rail. Lines and spurs carried timber from 12,000 acres (48,000 km²) of the mountainous watershed of the Laurel Fork of the Doe River that was estimated to contain 150 million board feet (350,000 m³) of lumber. 

A proposed interchange with the East Tennessee and Western North Carolina Railroad failed over inability to negotiate rates favorable to both companies. As a result, the Laurel Fork was incorporated as a common carrier and a six-mile (9.6 km) line into Elizabethton, Tennessee was built to carry finished lumber to an interchange with the Virginia and Southwestern Railway.

A June 13, 1924, flood on the Doe River washed away much track and roadbed along the floodplain. Coupled with diminished production from the mill, this led to a November 7 filing for abandonment that year with the Interstate Commerce Commission. Some operations continued after the flood, but all virtually all logging along the Laurel Fork ceased by 1927.  Parts of the railroad grade are used by the Appalachian Trail in the Pond Mountain Wilderness Area through the Laurel Fork valley between Dennis Cove and Hampton.

Laurel Fork Railway rolling stock

The Laurel Fork Railroad locomotive roster included three 70-3 Shay geared steam locomotives, road numbers Nos. 1, 2, and 3 c/n 2390, 2391, and 2760, respectively.  Two smaller Shays have been incorrectly identified by several authors as being owned by the Laurel Fork. Conversion work on c/n 187 was performed at their shops for another owner. The Laurel Fork has been mistakenly identified as owner of c/n 2195 due to a Lima clerical error. The equipment roster for the rail company also included two log loaders; a steam shovel; 40 flat cars; 12 service cars; and a Model T Ford on dump car wheels that was used for inspection trips. As a freight-only carrier, the Laurel Fork Railway owned no passenger equipment.

References


Horner's "Dorcas" thimbles were patented in 1884. These solved the problem of the previous soft, silver thimbles by using a sandwich of strong steel and sterling silver layers. The three layers were formed separately, stacked together, and then a protruding lip of the inner silver liner was burnished over the steel, locking into place in a groove around the outer silver decorative layer.

After his death in 1896, his two sons, James Dobson Horner and Charles Henry Horner, continued the business, in partnership with Charles William Leach. They expanded in 1905 with the opening of a new factory at Mile Cross, Halifax. The Charles Horner factory produced a range of products during the 20th century, together with other items like silverware, tableware and clocks.

In 1889 the partners obtained a second patent on the manufacture of 'Dorcas' thimbles. This was for a minor improvement, the provision of thicker material at the top of the thimble, the area of most wear. As this was such a minor improvement, it may have been applied for more to extend the lifetime of patent protection held by the Horner company, rather than for a specific improvement. The same partners were also granted another patent, for a similar idea of layered metal protection formed by the presswork with which they were already familiar. This was for a long-lasting yarn spindle or 'cone', where the boxwood cone was sheathed entirely in brass. Such an invention was of obvious relevance in the Pennines of Northern England, where textile spinning and weaving was such an important trade. Previous cones had been partially sheathed in brass. The softer boxwood would wear in time so that the brass became a protruding lip which then caught on the yarn. A complete sheathing would have no lip, but required the Horner's skill to devise a means of manufacturing the deep metal cone. Unusually, although Halifax and Yorkshire East of the Pennines is best known for its wool trade, the patent mentions cotton yarns specifically, generally considered a Lancashire trade, West of the Pennines.

The company is also known for hatpins, a collection of which were shown on the BBC television programme 'Antiques Roadshow' in May 2013. A small number were made in gold.

After the Great War, the Charles Horner company was one of the first to use the new plastic materials becoming available, specifically casein plastics. These were branded as 'Dorcasine

By 2022 the HSR construction is planned to have reached southward from Bakersfield through Palmdale in the high desert to Burbank in the San Fernando Valley, and northward from Madera to Merced (also including the Wye at Chowchilla ). The route over the Tehachapi Incline will be the major cost element in the southern segment, since there will be extensive cut-and-fill, aerial, and tunnel construction. At this time the IOS (Initial Operating Section) is scheduled to begin high speed train operations along the entire length of the HSR tracks, from Merced to Burbank, where passengers can connect to Los Angeles and Anaheim via Metrolink. At the north end connections to the San Joaquin will be available in Merced.

By 2027 the construction will have extended north from the Chowchilla Wye to San Jose, connecting there with the Caltrain route in San Jose. Thus, "Bay to Basin" HSR passenger rail will be available, connecting San Francisco and Los Angeles, albeit by using multiple rides.

By 2029 the "Blended System" will be operational, providing a "one-seat ride" on a high-speed train between San Francisco and Los Angeles. In the commuter areas the high-speed trains will share commuter track, running at about , but in the open spaces they will use their exclusive HSR track and get up to about . The total travel time will be 2 hours and 40 minutes between the two metropolitan areas as the original Proposition 1A requires, over a track length of about .

Rail officials hoped to break ground on the first 29-mile segment of track in the Central Valley in the summer of 2019. however it has not happened as of August 2019. 

Note that a number of different train HSR schedules will be implemented to better meet different service needs and integrate with commuter traffic in the metropolitan areas. Only some of the trains will provide the fastest travel time over the full length of the route. Other schedules will provide more focused service for different regions in the state.

Completed projects
Fresno River Viaduct
Muscat Avenue Viaduct
Cottonwood Creek Viaduct
State Route 99 Realignment
Avenue 8 overpass
Avenue 11 overpass

Legal challenges

Proposition 1A compliance 
The lawsuit John Tos, Aaron Fukuda, and the Kings County Board of Supervisors v. California High

Pulsar wind nebula

A pulsar wind nebula (PWN, plural PWNe), sometimes called a plerion (derived from the Greek "πλήρης", pleres, meaning "full"), is a type of nebula found inside the shells of supernova remnants (SNRe) that is powered by pulsar winds generated by its central pulsar. These nebulae were discovered in 1976 as small depressions at radio wavelengths near the centre of supernova remnants. They have since been found to be X-ray emitters and are possibly gamma ray sources.

Evolution of pulsar wind nebulae

Processes creating pulsar wind nebulae are complicated and they evolve through various phases before creating a so-called relic nebula, which is visible as a wind bubble, shell nebula, or as a bow-shock. New plerions appear within the first few thousands of years of a pulsar's creation, and often look like a series of shells inside the supernova remnant, for example the small pulsar wind nebula within the inner region of the Crab Nebula, or the nebula within the large Vela Supernova Remnant and its associated Vela Pulsar.

As the plerion ages, the nebulosity of the supernova remnant dissipates and disappears. Over time, pulsar wind nebulae may change in behaviour and become relic nebulae surrounding millisecond radio pulsars or even older and slower rotating pulsars. Plerions are estimated to last around 15,000 years, after which the shell dissipates as the energies from the pulsar decreases and they are no longer detectable. Importantly, this depends on the rate of energy lost by the pulsar as its spin rate slows, which varies among the known pulsars.

Properties of pulsar wind nebulae

Pulsar winds are composed of charged particles (plasma) accelerated to relativistic speeds by the rapidly rotating, hugely powerful magnetic fields above  that are generated by the spinning pulsar.  The pulsar wind often streams into the surrounding interstellar medium, creating a standing shock wave called the 'wind termination shock', where matter is decelerated to sub-relativistic speed. Beyond this radius, synchrotron emission increases in the magnetized flow. These processes can switch on and off with many reversals, and this creates the numerous visible shells centred on the pulsar.

Pulsar wind nebulae often

Nordwestmecklenburg (Northwestern Mecklenburg) is a Kreis (district) in the north-western part of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated on the coast of the Baltic Sea and borders on Schleswig-Holstein to the west. Neighboring districts are (from east clockwise) Rostock, Ludwigslust-Parchim and the district-free city Schwerin, and the district Lauenburg and the district-free city Lübeck in Schleswig-Holstein. The district seat is the town Wismar.

Geography
The district is roughly situated in a triangle between the towns of Lübeck, Rostock and Schwerin.

In the north there is the coast of the Baltic Sea with the small island of Poel.

Lakes
Two large lakes are partially situated in Nordwestmecklenburg: the eastern half of the Schaalsee (23 km²) at the western border; and the northern half of the Schweriner See (63 km²) in the south, as well as two smaller lakes, Bibowee (0.79 km²) and Mechower See (1.6 km²).

History
Nordwestmecklenburg District was established in 1994 by merging the previous districts of Gadebusch, Grevesmühlen and Wismar; along with smaller parts of the districts of Sternberg and Schwerin-Land. In the 2011 district reform, it was merged with the formerly district-free town Wismar. The name of the district was decided by referendum on 4 September 2011.

Coat of arms

Towns and municipalities

Former municipalities
The following municipalities that were independently administrative within the district were (situation August 2011):

 Börzow - formerly part of Grevesmühlen-Land Amt; now part of Stepenitztal since 25 May 2014
 Mallentin - formerly part of Grevesmühlen-Land Amt; now part of Stepenitztal since 25 May 2014
 Nesow - formerly part of Rehna Amt; now part of Rehna since 25 May 2014
 Papenhusen - formerly part of Schönberger Land Amt; now part of Stepenitztal since 25 May 2014
 Vitense - formerly part of Rehna Amt; now part

The album was a commercial failure and did not register on the Billboard album chart. It had sold less than 10,000 copies before her next album release. One single release from the album appeared on Billboard magazine's Hot 100 Pop Singles chart belatedly in 1971, after the release of Ronstadt's follow-up album, Silk Purse. Edwards' "The Long Way Around" was the B-side to a single-only release of "(She's A) Very Lovely Woman." The latter song was never subsequently included on an album and was not released on CD until 2009. The double-sided single peaked at #70 in 1971. Both songs made the Cash Box singles chart as well.

Despite lack of chart success, Hand Sown... helped Ronstadt gain exposure on television variety specials and in live performances, including a June 1969 appearance on The Johnny Cash Show where she performed "Only Mama That'll Walk the Line" nearly a year before the song's originator, Waylon Jennings performed his version on the same series. Of particular note is her performance of one of Hand Sown'''s songs, a cover of the country standard "Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line," renamed "[ Only Mama...]," on October 3, 1970, at the Big Sur Folk Festival in Monterey, California.Hand Sown ... Home Grown features an early version of "Silver Threads and Golden Needles," a cover of a 1962 hit by the Springfields. Ronstadt would record the song again for the 1973 Gold-certified album Don't Cry Now'', a single release of which would reach the Top 20 of Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart in early 1974. The album features an array of backing musicians including Clarence White of The Byrds, Bernie Leadon (later a founding member of The Eagles), Red Rhodes, and Larry Knechtel.

Track listing
On the original LP, side one was called "Hand Sown" and side two was called "Home Grown" as indicated.

Personnel 
 Linda Ronstadt – vocals, finger cymbals 
 Ken Edwards – acoustic guitar
 Pete Childs – acoustic guitar
 Bob Kimmel – acoustic guitar 
 Cyrus Faryar – acoustic guitar, bouzouki
 John T. Forsha – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
 Jimmy Bond – bass 
 Billy Mundi – drums

Production 
 Nick Venet – producer
 Hugh Davies – engineer
 Pete Abbott – assistant engineer
 Jerry Hopkins – liner notes


In the late 19th century through early 20th century Adrian was known as the "fence capital of the world," when J. Wallace Page invented the first successful wire fence. Throughout this period, Adrian was one of the first fencing manufacturers in the world and its fences were shipped as far as New York, Berlin, Asia, and Africa. The company sponsored the highly successful Page Fence Giants black baseball team.

One of the first motor vehicles, the Lion automobile, was created in Adrian. Between 1900 and 1912, Adrian was shaping up to be one of the motor capitals of the world, with three car models manufactured in Adrian during those 12 years. But due to some unfortunate turn of events, it never came to be.

The first two were the Murry Motor Car and Lenawee Car: both made by the Church Manufacturing Company. Although the cars were a hit at the 1910 Chicago Automobile show and they sold hundreds of cars, due to bad financial decisions the Church Manufacturing Company ran out of money and had to close.

The third car manufactured in Adrian was the Lion made by the Lion Motor Car Company. The Lion was immensely popular and successful; Lion Motor Car Company was taking the lead in the auto industry. However, on June 12, 1912, the plant caught on fire, destroyed about 200 cars, and ultimately ended the company.

Culture and life
 
Adrian is approximately  southwest of Ann Arbor,  southeast of Jackson, and  northwest of Toledo, Ohio. A portion of the city is on the border between Adrian Township and Madison Charter Township, although the city is politically independent of both. The city's urban area extends beyond the city limits into both of those townships as well as into nearby Raisin Township and Palmyra Township.

Adrian is sometimes referred to as "the Maple City" due in part to the many sugar maple and other maple tree species found throughout the city. The Adrian High School sports teams are known as the "Adrian Maples" and several local businesses use maple in their names.

Adrian's cultural life has connections to the mid-19th century. The Adrian City Band is one of the oldest continuously active community bands in the country, founded in 1836. Also of historical note is the Croswell Opera House. The Adrian Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1981. Adrian College and Siena Heights University also offer many cultural opportunities.

Heritage Park and Trest

Style 
Norris's early churches are mostly in the Lombard-Byzantine style, possibly influenced by his travels in Italy. This style had become popular amongst English Catholics after the completion of Bentley’s Westminster Cathedral in 1903. Part of its popularity amongst Catholics was that it differentiated them from Protestant buildings, and indicated their historic lineage going back to pre-medieval Christianity. It also had the advantage of being cheaper than Gothic. The internal decorative schemes (mostly applied marble and mosaics) could be added later as funds become available. One of the best examples of the style is Church of the Sacred Heart and St Catherine of Alexandria built by Peacock in 1921. Its mosaics weren't completed until 1932. Unfortunately none of Norris's churches were ever fully mosaicked. St John the Baptist Church, Rochdale has very fine mosaics by Eric Newton (art critic) in the sanctuary. Writing about St John Fisher in West Heath the artist Johan Jones said that Norris's architecture suited his work because its "scale and detail are the unproclaiming and noble frame for the various works that adorn it".

Partnerships 
Norris joined Hill, Sandy and Norris in 1920. Henry Oswald Hill   (1888-1917) was born the year before Norris and also studied architecture at Manchester University. He joined his father’s Manchester practice but was killed in action on 21 October 1917.

Henry Thomas Sandy (1868 – 1922) had been practicing in Stafford since 1891. In 1918 he acquired the remains of Hill’s practice and his Manchester offices. After unsuccessful partnership attempts with Herbert Powell and then a Mr Mangan, in 1920 he brought Norris into partnership. The practice of Sandy and Norris had offices in Albert Square Manchester and also at 134 Newport Road, Stafford. Unfortunately, Sandy died in 1922 at the age of 53 but Norris continued to use the styles of Hill, Sandy and Norris or just Sandy and Norris for many years.

Sometime in the 1930s Francis Maurice Reynolds joined the practice and appears to have had responsibility for running the Manchester office. This partnership was prolific during the 1930s but was dissolved on 20 September 1946. Reynolds retained the offices in Manchester but in a new practice with William Scott while Norris practiced out of Stafford under the style of Sandy and Norris. Both Norris and Reynolds continued to specialise in Roman Catholic churches, generally in Romanesque or Byzantine styles, well into the 1960s., although some argue that by this stage Reynolds by this

Track listing 
All songs written by Ricky Warwick except as indicated
 "Ultraviolent" - 3:25
 "Wrench" - 4:13
 "The Unreal Thing" - 4:02
 "Jonestown Mind" (Warwick, Pete Friesen) - 3:42
 "Move Right In" (Friesen, Warwick) - 3:08
 "Crank and Deceit" (Warwick, Friesen, Del James) - 2:32
 "United State of Apathy" - 3:27
 "Welcome to Defiance" (Warwick, Friesen) - 3:39
 "Way Beyond Belief" (Friesen, Warwick, Floyd London, Stump Monroe) - 5:00
 "Crackdown" - 2:57
 "Sorry for Nothing" (Warwick, Friesen) - 3:15
 "Cheat" - 2:40
 "Shitzophrenic" (London) -2:36
 hidden track; instrumental

1998 Japan remastered bonus tracks 
 "Knocking on Joe" - 3:57
 "Thanks Again, Again" (Warwick, James) - 4:11
 "Do Anything You Wanna Do" (Ed Hollis, Graeme Douglas) - 3:37
 Eddie & the Hot Rods cover
 "State of Emergency" (Jake Burns) - 2:29
 Stiff Little Fingers cover
 "Give Me Fire" (Colin Abrahall, Colin Blyth, Ross Lomas, Andrew Williams) - 3:03
 Charged GBH cover
 "Hellelujah" - 3:40
 "Jonestown Mind (Ruts Mix)" (Warwick, Friesen) - 5:24
 Remixed by Glen David "Dave" Ruffy & John "Segs" Jennings (The Ruts)

Personnel 
As listed in liner notes.

The Almighty
 Pete Friesen - guitars
 Floyd London - bass guitar, vocals
 Stump Monroe - hitting things (drums)
 Ricky Warwick - vocals, guitars

Additional musicians
 Andy Cairns - additional vocals
 Eileen Rose - additional vocals & spoken intro to "United State of Apathy"

Production 
 Lorraine Frances - assistant engineer, The Manor
 Chris Sheldon - producer
 Matt Sime - assistant

Scott–Curry theorem

In mathematical logic, the Scott–Curry theorem is a result in lambda calculus stating that if two non-empty sets of lambda terms A and B are closed under beta-convertibility then they are recursively inseparable.

Explanation
A set A of lambda terms is closed under beta-convertibility if for any lambda terms X and Y, if  and X is β-equivalent to Y then . Two sets A and B of natural numbers are recursively separable if there exists a computable function  such that  if  and  if . Two sets of lambda terms are recursively separable if their corresponding sets under a Gödel numbering are recursively separable, and recursively inseparable otherwise.

The Scott–Curry theorem applies equally to sets of terms in combinatory logic with weak equality. It has parallels to Rice's theorem in computability theorem, which states that all non-trivial semantic properties of programs are undecidable.

The theorem has the immediate consequence that it is an undecidable problem to determine if two lambda terms are β-equivalent.

Proof
The proof is adapted from Barendregt in The Lambda Calculus.

Let A and B be closed under beta-convertibility and let a and b be lambda term representations of elements from A and B respectively. Suppose for a contradiction that f is a lambda term representing a computable function such that  if  and  if  (where equality is β-equality). Then define . Here,  is true if its argument is zero and false otherwise, and  is the identity so that  is equal to x if b is true and y if b is false.

Then  and similarly, . By the Second Recursion Theorem, there is a term X which is equal to f applied to the Church numeral of its Gödel numbering, X. Then  implies that  so in fact . The reverse assumption  gives  so . Either way we arise at a contradiction, and so f cannot be a function which separates A and B. Hence A and B are recursively inseparable.

History
Dana Scott first proved the theorem in 1963. The theorem, in a slightly less general form, was independently proven by Haskell Curry. It was published in Curry's 1969 paper "The undecidability of λK-conversion".

References

Category:Lambda calculus
Category:Undecidable

Character traits
Richie Cunningham was the quintessential example of the All-American, 1950s teenager. He was exceedingly wholesome and, with his red hair and freckles, he bore more than a passing resemblance to Howdy Doody (as noted in the episode "The Howdy Doody Show"). Occasionally he got into trouble, usually in some scheme designed to attract women, but he did not seem to have a malicious bone in his body.

Many of the episodes revolved around Richie's attempts to pick up women, and there was little that the clean-cut teen would not do to land a date. If buying a new car or joining a local gang was what it took, Richie was ready and willing to give it a shot. Whenever he was feeling particularly lucky—especially when he spotted a prospective girlfriend—he would sing Fats Domino's "I found my thrill ... on Blueberry Hill". When he became angry or annoyed, he would call any nemesis "bucko", even going as far as calling Fonzie this on several occasions.

Richie also harbored an enormous ambition as a writer. He first wrote for the Jefferson High Bugle, and then later became a cub reporter for the Milwaukee Journal, although in the first-season episode "Because She's There" he told his blind date, Phyllis, that he wanted to eventually go to law school and become a lawyer.

Throughout the series' run, Richie remained best friends with Fonzie, Ralph Malph, and Potsie Weber. He was always ready to help any of these friends if they got into trouble and also looked after his younger sister Joanie as she grew up. In the first season it was revealed that he and Potsie were best friends and grew up together since childhood; this was alluded to again in the seventh-season episode, "A Potsie Is Born."

After high school, Richie went to the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee and soon met his girlfriend and future wife Lori Beth Allen in a library. Richie studied journalism at the university and always remained alert for any opportunity to further his writing career.

After graduating from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee; he, along with Ralph, served a short stint in the U.S. Army and was stationed in Greenland. While overseas, he married Lori Beth by telephone, with Fonzie standing in as proxy for the absent Richie.

On November 19, 1999 its board of trustees announced that the 197-year-old liberal arts institution would close in May 2000. The campus currently is the home of Northpoint Bible College.

History
Bradford College traces its origins to Bradford Academy, which was founded in 1803, and used that date in its collegiate logo. The academy incorporated in 1804. Many of Bradford's early graduates became Christian missionaries. The first president of Bradford was Dr. Katharine Denworth, a graduate of Swarthmore with a doctorate from Columbia.  Her tenure from 1927 to 1939 oversaw the transformation of Bradford in 1932 to a liberal arts junior college for women leading to a bachelor's degree.  With degrees in classics from Oberlin and Smith, scholar Dorothy M. Bell became president in 1940. Over the ensuing 27 years Ms. Bell led Bradford Junior College through World War II and to national and international prestige as a two-year liberal arts private women's college, retiring in 1967.  The college became coeducational and the name changed to Bradford College in 1971.

During the 1990s, annual budget shortfalls of more than $1 million, combined with declining enrollment and revenues, along with resulting losses due to competition from larger regional institutions, sealed the school's fate. In 1997, the school incurred a $18 million debt when it refinanced old debt and sought funds to build new dormitories.

After 197 years, Bradford College was closed in 2000, leaving substantial debt. In late 2007, the remaining endowment of $3.6 million was awarded to Hampshire College, an alternative liberal arts college in Amherst, Massachusetts.  With the closing, 33 full-time professors and 133 employees were left without jobs.

Property sold

According to the Assemblies of God denomination, an affiliate of Hobby Lobby stores (founder: David Green) purchased the former Bradford College campus in 2007. Renovation needed to be done prior to a new school's opening on the campus. An estimated $5 million worth of repairs and upgrades were needed before the shuttered campus reopened for the fall semester of 2008. The cost of repairs was covered by Green and his affiliates. The , multimillion-dollar campus, was then given to Zion Bible College, the Assemblies of God Bible school previously located at the former campus of the Barrington College in Barrington, Rhode Island.

Notable alumni
 George Warren Wood, 19th-century Christian missionary to Turkey and corresponding secretary

In the town, the population was spread out with 25.2% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.0% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.7% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.5 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was $30,259, and the median income for a family was $36,667. Males had a median income of $29,583 versus $20,536 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,669.  About 10.4% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 15.7% of those age 65 or over.

Education
Hugo is served by the Genoa-Hugo School District No. C-113 and includes Genoa-Hugo Elementary School, Genoa-Hugo Middle School and Genoa-Hugo High School.

Hugo also has a town public library with about 8,000 volumes, 180 video materials and 100 audio materials. The library is located in the Hugo municipal building.

Culture
Hugo has the Eastern Trails Museum and Cultural Arts Center, the historic Hugo Kansas-Pacific/Union Pacific Roundhouse, the Union Pacific Train Depot Town Museum, and the historic Hedlund Museum House, the vintage swimming pool of which are all located in Hugo.

Recreation
Hugo's municipal public park (Hines Park) features a vintage swimming pool which was constructed as a Works Project Administration facility in the 1930s and is designated as a historic site by the National Register of Historic Places.  There is also a picnic area, playgrounds, a volleyball court as well as a basketball court. The municipal building has a racquetball court on its grounds. The Coulson Nature Trail is a 2.5-mile wildlife and nature hiking trail on the outskirts of town. Kinney Lake State Wildlife Area is 14 miles south of Hugo, and features a 10-acre lake for fishing and recreation as well as camping and hunting of deer, antelope, rabbit, coyote, waterfowl during the licensed season.

Media
The Eastern Colorado Plainsman

Odin is a Swedish satellite working in two disciplines: astrophysics and aeronomy, and it was named after Odin of Norse mythology. Within the field of astrophysics, Odin was used until the spring of 2007 aiding in the study of star formation. Odin is still used for aeronomical observations, including exploration of the depletion of the ozone layer and effects of global warming. In February 2019 it celebrated 18 years in Earth orbit, and was still functioning nominally.

Overview
The main instrument on Odin is a radiometer using a 1.1 m telescope, designed to be used for both the astronomy and aeronomy missions. The radiometer works at 486–580 GHz and at 119 GHz. The second instrument on board is the OSIRIS (Optical Spectrograph and InfraRed Imager System).

Odin was developed by the Space Systems Division of Swedish Space Corporation (now OHB Sweden) as part of an international project involving the space agencies of Sweden (SNSB), Finland (TEKES), Canada (CSA) and France (CNES). Odin was launched on a START-1 rocket on 20 February 2001 from Svobodny, Russia.

In April 2007, astronomers announced that Odin had made the first ever detection of molecular oxygen () in interstellar clouds. The spacecraft was still functioning nominally in 2010. It continues to function and as of 20 February 2019, is still functioning nominally.

Lists
International partners:

Agencies or organizations involved in Odin:
Swedish National Space Board
Swedish Space Corporation 
Canadian Space Agency
Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (of Canada)
National Technology Agency of Finland
CNES (France)

Objectives:
Astronomy 
Aeronomy applications 
Atmospheric research
Stratospheric ozone chemistry
Mesospheric ozone science
Summer mesospheric science
Coupling of atmospheric regions

Results
Examples:
Odin has observed water in comets.
Odin detected of molecular oxygen () in interstellar clouds.
Odin observed carbon monoxide in the strato-mesosphere.
Odin has studied nitrous oxides in the atmosphere.

See also

Swedish National Space Agency
2001 Mars Odyssey (another spacecraft launched in 2001 that is still in use)
Submillimeter Wave Astronomy Satellite
Herschel Space Observatory

References

External links
Odin

3200 GT Automatica
In 1999, an automatic transmission equipped model of the 3200 GT became available, either referred to as 3200 GT Automatica or 3200 GTA. 
Introduced at the March 1999 Geneva Motor Show, it was equipped with a 4-speed conventional torque converter automatic transmission supplied by Australian firm BTR.

Engine output remained unchanged, though the engine was set up specifically for the automatic transmission; according to Maserati, the weight increase over the manual gearbox was limited to , for a  total kerb weight. In Italy the Automatica commanded a  million Lire premium over the 3200 GT's 149.5 million Lire list price. This model was produced until 2002. In June 1999 the 1,000th 3200 GT left the factory. In total 2,106 GTA cars were produced.

3200 GT Assetto Corsa
Presented to the public at the 2001 Geneva Motor Show, the 3200 GT Assetto Corsa was a limited edition variant of the 3200 GT with a special handling package. Limited to 259 units, 3 of which were special orders, it was available in three standard colours: Grigio Touring, Nero Carbonio and Rosso Mondiale; and available with a manual or automatic transmission. The Assetto Corsa was lowered by 15 mm, had larger front anti-roll bar, stiffer springs, soft compound Pirelli P Zero Corsa tyres on dark grey or silver painted BBS alloy wheels, and specific brake ventilation ducts. The interior featured black perforated Connolly leather seats with red stitching and 'Assetto Corsa' script on the sill kick panels. Both kerb weight and performance were unchanged from their regular counterparts. Production was divided between 163 manual and 96 automatic cars.

Specifications

The 3200 GT's coupé body seats four people and has a . The steel unibody structure was complemented by a front tubular subframe supporting the drivetrain and a rear subframe supporting the suspension links and the differential. Suspension was of the double wishbone type all around, with forged aluminium control arms and uprights, coaxial aluminium-bodied dampers and coil springs, and two anti-roll bars. The gearbox was in line with the front-mounted engine, and transmitted power to the rear limited slip differential via a two-piece aluminium driveshaft. Brembo supplied the braking system, consisting of vented and cross-

Geography
Leupp is located at  (35.297522, -111.005673).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which , or 0.05%, is water.

Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Leupp has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

Demographics

As of the census of 2000, there were 970 people, 228 households, and 206 families residing in the CDP.  The population density was 73.9 people per square mile (28.5/km²).  There were 277 housing units at an average density of 21.1/sq mi (8.2/km²).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.14% Native American, 0.62% White, 0.10% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races.  1.03% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 228 households out of which 54.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.9% were married couples living together, 29.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.6% were non-families. 9.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 0.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 4.25 and the average family size was 4.53.

In the CDP, the age distribution of the population shows 43.7% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 4.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 23 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.1 males.

The median income for a household in the CDP was $21,458, and the median income for a family was $29,219. Males had a median income of $28,661 versus $24,531 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $8,137.  About 29.4% of families and 33.4% of the population were below the

National Highway 44 (India)

National Highway 44 (NH 44) is the longest-running major north–south National Highway in India. It begins from Srinagar and terminates in Kanyakumari; the highway passes through the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir, as well as the states of Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu.
NH-44 was constructed and is maintained by Central Public Works Department (CPWD).

It came into being by merging seven national highways, in full or part, starting with the Jammu-Srinagar National Highway (former NH 1A) from Srinagar in Jammu & Kashmir, former NH 1 in Punjab and Haryana ending at Delhi, part of former NH 2 starting from Delhi and ending at Agra, former NH 3 (popularly known as Agra-Bombay highway) from Agra to Gwalior, former NH 75 and former NH 26 to Jhansi, and former NH 7 via Lakhnadon, Seoni, Nagpur, Adilabad, Hyderabad, Kurnool , Anantapur,  Bangalore,Hosur, Krishnagiri, Dharmapuri, Salem , Namakkal , Karur , Dindigul, Madurai and Tirunelveli terminating at Kanyakumari.

Delhi (Mubarka Chowk) to Panipat 70 km section is being upgraded, at the cost of INR2178.82 crore, to a barrier-free tolled expressway with 8 main lane and 4 (2+2) service lanes, 42% work of which was complete by June 2019.

Route 
The highway starts from Srinagar. The highway connects several cities and town such as Srinagar, Anantnag, Domel, Jammu, Pathankot, Jalandhar, Ludhiana, Ambala, Kurukshetra, Panipat, Sonipat, Delhi, Faridabad, Mathura, Agra, Gwalior, Jhansi, Sagar, Lakhnadon, Seoni, Nagpur, Adilabad, Nizamabad, Kamareddy, Hyderabad, Kurnool, Anantapur, Bengal

Infrared Space Observatory

The Infrared Space Observatory (ISO) was a space telescope for infrared light designed and operated by the European Space Agency (ESA), in cooperation with ISAS (now part of JAXA) and NASA. The ISO was designed to study infrared light at wavelengths of 2.5 to 240 micrometres and operated from 1995 to 1998.

The €480.1-million satellite was launched on 17 November 1995 from the ELA-2 launch pad at the Guiana Space Centre near Kourou in French Guiana. The launch vehicle, an Ariane 44P rocket, placed ISO successfully into a highly elliptical geocentric orbit, completing one revolution around the Earth every 24 hours. The primary mirror of its Ritchey-Chrétien telescope measured 60 cm in diameter and was cooled to 1.7 kelvins by means of superfluid helium. The ISO satellite contained four instruments that allowed for imaging and photometry from 2.5 to 240 micrometres and spectroscopy from 2.5 to 196.8 micrometers.

Currently, ESA and IPAC continue efforts to improve the data pipelines and specialized software analysis tools to yield the best quality calibration and data reduction methods from the mission. IPAC supports ISO observers and data archive users through in-house visits and workshops.

History and development 

In 1983 the US-Dutch-British IRAS inaugurated space-based infrared astronomy by performing the first-ever 'all-sky survey' at infrared wavelengths. The resulting map of the infrared sky pinpointed some 350,000 infrared sources waiting to be explored by IRAS' successors. In 1979 IRAS was in an advanced stage of planning and the expected results from IRAS led to the first proposal for ISO made to ESA in the same year. With the rapid improvements in infrared detector-technology, ISO was to provide detailed observations for some 30,000 infrared sources with much improved sensitivity and resolution. ISO was to perform 1000 times better in sensitivity and 100 times better in angular resolution at 12 micrometres compared to IRAS.

A number of follow-up studies resulted in the selection of ISO as the next installment for the ESA Scientific Programme in 1983. Next came a Call for Experiment and Mission Scientist Proposals to the scientific community, resulting in the selection of the scientific instruments in 1985. The four instruments chosen were developed by teams of researchers from France, Germany, the Netherlands and United Kingdom.

Design

Marriage & progeny
He married Anne Wastneys, a daughter of George Wastneys of Haddon in Nottinghamshire, by whom he had at least two sons and one daughter:
George Dalison (d.20 June 1549), eldest son and heir. He married Isabel Hopkinson and was the ancestor of the Dalison baronets, of Laughton (created in 1611 and 1624), namely Sir Roger Dalison, 1st Baronet (c. 1562 – 1620), Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance, and his son Sir Thomas Dalison, 1st Baronet (died 1645) who had to reapply for a new creation of the baronetcy as a clerical error was discovered in the register of baronets.
Sir William Dalison (died 1559), a judge who served as a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire in 1553. As he instructed in his will, he was buried in Lincoln Cathedral under a "tomb which bears a picture of him wearing his robes of justice".
Anne Dalison, wife of Edward Tyrwhitt, son of Philip Tyrwhitt (c.1510-1558), of Barton-upon-Humber, Lincolnshire, a Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire in 1554.

Monument
His re-used Gothic monument made circa 1405, in All Saints' Church, Laughton, Lincolnshire, is inscribed in Latin in imitation Gothic script as follows:
Hic jacent Will(el)mus Dalison Armig(er) quonda(m) vicecomes & eschaetor comit(atus) Lincoln ac un(um) justiciar(es) pacis ..... in eodem com(itatu) et Georgius Dalison filius et heres eiusde(m) Will (el)m(i) qui quide(m) Will(el)m(u)s obiit decimo octavo die me(n)sis decembris Anno d(o)m(ini) MoCCCCCXLVIo & a(nn)o regni .... regis Henrici Octavi XXXVII et dictus Georgius obiit XXo die mensis junii anno d(o)m(ini) MoCCCCCXLIX et anno regni .... regis Edwardi Sexti tertio. Quar(um) anima(rum) p

Treis Castle, also called Treisburg, is a castle ruin in the municipality of Treis-Karden on the Moselle in the district of Cochem-Zell in the state of Rhineland-Palatine in Germany. It is located 30 kilometres south-west of the city of Koblenz.

Location 
The ruins of this hill castle stand on a mountain spur surrounded by the streams Flaumbach and Dünnbach flowing from the Hunsrück mountain range, approximately 70 metres above their confluence.
Wildburg Castle, is located about 150 metres to the south on the same spur, separated by a depression. Castle Treis is located at an altitude of 157 meters above sea level, and about one kilometre south of Treis, a little aloof of the Moselle Valley.

History 
The exact date of the castle's construction is unknown; Treis Castle may have been built as early as in the second half of the 11th century.
The first reliable record of Treis Castle dates back to 1121. That year, Emperor Henry V destroyed a castle at Treis, built by Otto I, Count of Salm. In 1148, Treis castle was held by the Count Palatine of the Rhine, Hermann III of Stahleck. In the course of a dispute over the office of Count Palatine between Hermann III and Otto I, Treis Castle came under influence of the diocese of Trier. Ultimately, the Archbishop of Trier, Albero de Montreuil conquered Castle Treis, making it property of the diocese. It appears that during the 12th and 13th century, the castle would have been controlled by the Archdeacon of Karden. In the late 13th century, there is clear evidence for the castle being owned by the Electorate of Trier and thereby being under direct control of the Archbishop. Successively, members of various noble houses became notable as bailiffs or Burgmannen of Trier in Treis: Freie von Treis, the Lords of Pyrmont, the Lords of Winneburg-Beilstein, and the Lords of Eltz.

During the Palatine succession war in 1689, Treis Castle has been destroyed by French troops, and not been rebuilt.

Since the 1950s, private owners have secured the ruins and rebuilt the castle keep.

Today 
Present-day's appearance of the ruins are

Posidippus of Cassandreia (Greek: Ποσείδιππος ὁ Κασσανδρεύς, Poseidippos ho Kassandreus; 316 – c. 250 BC) was a Greek comic poet of the New Comedy.

Life
He was the son of Cyniscus, a Macedonian who lived in Athens. He produced his first play in the third year after Menander had died (289 BC). 
Cooks held an important position in his list of characters. 
According to Aulus Gellius, Latin comic poets had imitated Posidippus. 
His success is shown in a beautiful portrait and sitting statue in the Vatican, which is considered a masterpiece of classical art.

In studying Posidippus' language, Augustus Meineke has detected some new words and old words used in a new sense, completely unknown to the best Attic writers.

Works
Suidas states that Posidippus wrote forty plays, of which the following eighteen titles (along with associated fragments) are preserved.

Ἀναβλέπων  (Anablepon) — The One Who Sees Again
Ἀποκλειομένη  (Apokleiomene) — The Barred Woman
Γαλάτης  (Galates) — The Gaul
Δήμοται  (Demotai) — Citizens
Ἑρμαφρόδιτος (Hermaphroditos) — The Hermaphrodite
Ἐπίσταθμος  (Epistathmos) — Harmost or Symposiarch
Ἐφεσία  (Ephesia) — The Ephesian Girl
Κώδων  (Codon) — The Bell
Λοκρίδες  (Locrides) — The Locrian Women
Μεταφερόμενοι  (Metapheromenoi) — The Transported Ones
Μύρμηξ  (Myrmex) — The Ant
Ὅμοιοι  (Homoioi) — People Who Resemble Each Other
Παιδίον  (Paidion) — The Little Child
Πορνοβοσκός  (Pornoboscos) — The Pimp


Mechanism of Action

Initiation
	The initiation of apoptosome action corresponds with the first steps in the programmed cell death (PCD) pathway. In animals, apoptosis can be catalyzed in one of two ways; the extrinsic pathway involves binding of extracellular ligands to transmembrane receptors, while the intrinsic pathway take place in the mitochondria. This intrinsic pathway involves the release of cytochrome C from the mitochondria and subsequent binding to the cytosolic protein Apaf-1. Cytochrome c release is thus necessary for the initiation of apoptosome action; this release is regulated in a number of ways, most importantly by detection of calcium ion levels.

Cytochrome c Release
Cytochrome c release is proposed to take place in one of two ways. Firstly, the permeability transition pore (PTP) when the mitochondria receives a death inducing signal, and releases intermembrane space proteins (12).  The PTP is composed of the voltage-dependent anion channel (VDAC), the inner membrane protein adenine nucleotide translocator (AdNT) and the matrix protein cyclophilin D (CyD) (12). This pore causes the mitochondria to swell and the outer mitochondrial membrane to rupture (Diamond & McCabe, 2007). With this change in permeability, proteins such as cytochrome c are released into the cytosol (12). This change likely causes the mitochondrial permeability transition (MPT), where the mitochondrial transmembrane potential collapses, and ATP production ceases (12). The inhibition of this method by the pharmaceutical agent cyclosporine A (CsA), lead to the discovery of the second pathway (13). The second method of cytochrome c release is independent of the PTP and involves only the VDAC. Members of the Bcl-2 family of pro-apoptotic proteins can induce the opening of the VDAC (12). This will cause the same release of intermembrane space proteins, including cytochrome c, and the subsequent MPT to occur (12).

Apaf-1

a. Absence of Cytochrome c
	In the absence of cytochrome c, Apaf-1 exists in its monomeric form; it is thought that the WD-40 domain remain folded back onto the protein, keeping Apaf-1 in an auto inhibited state. In addition, several areas are so tightly bound that the protein is unable to bind to anything else. It has been determined through mass spectrometry that in the autoinhibited, or “locked” state, ADP is bound to the ATPase domain of Apaf-1. In this state, this

The Rum Diary (novel)

The Rum Diary is an early novel by American writer Hunter S. Thompson. It was written in the early 1960s but was not published until 1998. The manuscript, begun in 1959, was discovered amongst Thompson's papers by Johnny Depp. The story involves a journalist named Paul Kemp who, in the 1950s, moves from New York to work for a major newspaper, The Daily News, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. It is Thompson's second novel, preceded by the still-unpublished Prince Jellyfish.

Background
Set in the late 1950s, the novel encompasses a tangled love story involving jealousy, treachery and violent alcoholic lust among the Americans who staff the newspaper. Thompson himself travelled from New York to San Juan in 1960 to write for an ill-fated sports newspaper on the island of Puerto Rico. Thompson had unsuccessfully applied to work at the larger English-language daily called The San Juan Star which novelist William J. Kennedy edited. While in Puerto Rico, Thompson befriended many of the writers at the Star, providing the context for The Rum Diary'''s fictional storyline.

Although Thompson wrote his narrative at the age of 22, it deals extensively with a fear of "going over the hill" and growing old. The prominent characters are typical of Thompson's work: violent, maniacal and alcoholic, stumbling through life. The narrative uses a highly paced and rather exciting style, also typical of Thompson's oeuvre.

Thompson told PBS talk-show host Charlie Rose in 1998 that he had given up the novel because it had originally "bounced about seven times – I got the standard list of rejection letters – and I came back from South America and I got into the politics of the 60s and 70s, and it was a full time job". He then said that he revisited the book because "it's got a romantic notion...that and money...and I was faced with the fact of having to dig out my 40-year old story...I can't change it, like, 'ye gods, this is me, this is the world I lived in'...so I approached it as a writer...it's a good story."

Film adaptationThe Rum Diary'' has been adapted into a film.  Bruce Robinson wrote the screenplay and directed the film, which stars Johnny Depp as journalist Paul Kemp.  Filming took place in Puerto Rico during 2009. It

Jazsmin Lewis

(sources differ)
| birth_place             = Columbus, Ohio, U.S.
| occupation              = 
| yearsactive             = 1994–present
| spouse                  = }
| children                = 1
| known_for               = Traci Townsend Jennifer Palmer – Barbershop
| othername               = Jazsmin Lewis–Kelley
| website                 = 
}}
Jazsmin Starr Lewis{cite web|url=https://www.instagram.com/p/BvYEMiuBRg2/|title=#aboutlastnight had an amazing time celebrating my #birthday with these beauties @kia.todd @msvfox @thereallraye1 and of course our resident gent @abjcoleman. It was an incredible celebration plus we got to watch our sister @thereallraye1 receive the well deserved humanitarian award from our other sister @msvfox for #yourturninternexpo #celebfest and a birthday to remember. 😘😘 #actor #producer #workingmom #friends|last=Lewis-Kelley|first=Jazsmin|website=Instagram.com|access-date=2019-11-06}}</ref> or 1976) (sources differ) is an American actress, film producer and musician. Lewis is best known for her starring role as the title character in the 2005 film Traci Townsend and as Jennifer Palmer, Calvin's wife in the Barbershop film series.

Biography
Born in the city of Columbus, Ohio in 1976 (sources differ), Lewis was raised in Lorain. Lewis was the youngest of three daughters born to Libby Lindsay, who is Caucasian and Sterling Lewis, who was African American and East Indian. For high school, Lewis attended Lake Ridge Academy; . 

Lewis began her professional career in music during her high school years, which included singing and playing guitar for musical acts George Clinton and The Ohio Players. After her music career, Lewis relocated to Los Angeles where she received roles on television shows such as, Saved by the Bell, The Wayans Brothers, Eve and Living Single. Lewis is also known for being the Coors Light spokes-model during 2001 and 2002. 

Lewis portrayed the title character in Traci Townsend in 2005. For her role, Lewis won the 2006 award for the Best Acting Performance Award at the 2006 Boston International Film

2001
 R. v. Sharpe, [2001] 1 S.C.R. 45; 2001 SCC 2
 Therrien (Re), [2001] 2 S.C.R. 3; 2001 SCC 35
 Fortin v. Chrétien, [2001] 2 S.C.R. 500; 2001 SCC 45
 Saint-Romuald (City) v. Olivier, [2001] 2 S.C.R. 898; 2001 SCC 57
 Autobus Thomas Inc. v. Canada, [2001] 3 S.C.R. 5; 2001 SCC 64
 Law Society of British Columbia v. Mangat, [2001] 3 S.C.R. 113; 2001 SCC 67
 Paul D'Aoust Construction Ltd. v. Markel Insurance Co. of Canada, [2001] 3 S.C.R. 744; 2001 SCC 84
 Osoyoos Indian Band v. Oliver (Town), [2001] 3 S.C.R. 746; 2001 SCC 85

2002
 Mackin v. New Brunswick (Minister of Finance); Rice v. New Brunswick, [2002] 1 S.C.R. 405; 2002 SCC 13
 St-Jean v. Mercier, [2002] 1 S.C.R. 491; 2002 SCC 15
 Smith v. Co-operators General Insurance Co., [2002] 2 S.C.R. 129; 2002 SCC 30
 Théberge v. Galerie d'Art du Petit Champlain inc., [2002] 2 S.C.R. 336; 2002 SCC 34
 R. v. S.G.F., [2002] 2 S.C.R. 416; 2002 SCC 37
 Lavigne v. Canada (Office of the Commissioner of Official Languages), [2002] 2 S.C.R. 773; 2002 SCC 53
 CIBC Mortgage Corp. v. Vasquez, [2002] 3 S.C.R. 168; 2002 SCC 60
 B. v. Ontario (Human Rights Commission), [2002] 3 S.C.R. 403; 2002 SCC 66
 Sauvé v. Canada (Chief Electoral Officer), [2002] 3 S.C.R. 519; 2002 SCC 68
 Macdonell v. Quebec (Commission d'accès à l'information), [2002] 3 S.C.R. 661; 2002 SCC 71
 Nova Scotia

Wargrave railway station

Wargrave railway station is a railway station in the village of Wargrave in Berkshire, England. The station is on the Henley-on-Thames branch line that links the towns of Henley-on-Thames and Twyford. It is  down the line from Twyford and  measured from .

It is served by local services operated by Great Western Railway, and is a ten-minute walk from Wargrave High Street.

The station has a single platform, which is used by trains in both directions and is long enough to accommodate a four coach train. There is a 30 space car park, but no station building other than a simple shelter. The station is unmanned, and tickets must purchased on the train.

History
When the Great Western Railway opened the Henley Branch Line on 1 June 1857, the only intermediate station was .

The Great Western Railway provided no station at Wargrave; apparently it considered Twyford station close enough. After many complaints from the villagers the GWR opened a station in 1900. At the time the line was double, so two platforms and a footbridge were provided. The line was singled again in June 1961, rendering the second platform and footbridge redundant.

The station retained its Great Western Railway building until 1988 when British Rail demolished it on the grounds that it was unsafe.

Service
In normal service, there is a regular service between Henley-on-Thames station and Twyford station. During the morning and evening peak hours, all trains call at Wargrave. However, off-peak, only every alternate service calls at Wargrave in each direction. On weekdays, trains operate every 45 mins in the morning and evening peak, reducing to hourly during the day. On weekends, trains operate hourly throughout the day. During the morning and evening rush hours some services run through to/from London Paddington station, whilst a few off-peak trains run through to/from Reading station. At other times, passengers for Paddington and Reading must change at Twyford.

During the Henley Royal Regatta, held every July, a special timetable is operated with additional trains. During this period, the service pattern for Wargrave is subject to change.

References

External links
 

Category:Railway stations in Berkshire
Category:Former Great

will.i.am was in a nearby recording studio when he heard Luke, Blanco and Cirkut working with Kesha on the track, and immediately wanted to get involved. He co-wrote the album version and later wrote and recorded a new verse for himself, hoping he would be the featured artist in the song. Initially the record label decided not to include his verse; however, later his verse was included in the single/remix version of the song. In this remix, Kesha's second verse is omitted completely in favor of Will.i.am's verse. It officially impacted Top 40/Mainstream radio on April 29, 2013 and Rhythmic radio on May 7, 2013. It was made available for purchase as a digital download on April 30, 2013. will.i.am produced two other tracks whilst working with Luke, Blanco and Cirkut; they appear on will.i.am's album #willpower.

The second official remix, which features rapper Pitbull, follows the same formula as the will.i.am remix. As with the first remix, the song's second verse removed in favor of Pitbull's new verse and also includes Pitbull speaking during the intro. The third remix, featuring rapper Juicy J, was sent to U.S. Rhythmic radio and became available for purchase as a digital download on May 21, 2013. Rap-Up called the Juicy J remix "raucous".

Composition
"Crazy Kids" combines the genres technopop, rap, trance, and hip hop into what VIBE called "hip-pop". Lyrically, "Crazy Kids" was said to establish dualistic personalities for Kesha. The A.V. Club writer Annie Zaleski said: "On the acoustic guitar-driven choruses, she's sweet and melancholy as she reveals her insanity; on the electronic-dipped verses, she unloads snappy hip-hop boasts ("I'm no virgin or no Virgo / I'm crazy that's my word, though") to assert herself." Over hip hop dub beats, Kesha raps "coochie" with "Gucci", drops several f-bombs, and contributes her famous sing-rap style vocals in addition to traditional singing. The song prominently features whistling in several areas.

"Crazy Kids" is composed in the key of G minor at a

Harposporium anguillulae is a member of the genus Harposporium. It is an endoparasitic nematophagous fungus that attacks nematodes and eelworms and is isolated commonly from field and agricultural soils as well as used as an experimental organism in the laboratory.

History and taxonomy
Harposporium anguillulae was described in the late 1800s as a parasite of nematodes. It has since been commonly reported in the literature. This fungus also traps eelworms. Harposporium anguillulae is one of 26 species in the genus Harposporium in the division Ascomycota. It is a pathogen of eelworms and nematodes, notable for its distinct sickle-shaped conidia that grow in pierce out through the host body. This genus Harposporium was treated initially in the Clavicipitaceae and is thought to be closely related to members of the genus, Tolypocladium. Both genera occur on nematodes and eelworms but rarely insects. The two genera can be differentiated morphologically, as members of the genus Tolypocladium produce more complex conidiophores with narrower conidiogenous cells.

Growth and physiology
The invasive apparatus of this species consists of non-adhesive, crescent-shaped conidia that are ingested by hosts and lodge in the esophagus or gut. The sickle shape of the conidia is also contributes to the ability of the fungus to pierce through the host cuticle. In the laboratory, cultures of the fungus can be cultivated on agar containing yeast hydrolysate or glucose, though growth is much slower on glucose. The fungus grows rapidly on water-agar and produces chlamydospores, implying an oligotrophic physiology.

Habitat and ecology
Nematophagous fungi occur in a variety of habitats including leaves entering the decomposition phase, soil samples that contain decomposed leaves or in soil samples from agricultural land and they can also be found in pasture land. The latter possibly relates to the tendency of this species to occur in dung of cow and sheep where its nematode hosts are abundant. The fungus is commonly found in tropical and warm climates. It is more commonly encountered in the spring and fall. The fungus has been isolated from include Brazil, China, Florida, New Zealand, and eastern Canada. The fungus tends to be more commonly reported from climate regions subject to monsoons and does not appear to

Sansui designed the AU-11000 with the input, output and speaker terminals on the sides of the unit. The rear of the unit has the power cord and outlets only.

The AU-11000 has features such as a logarithmic volume control, a 3-position level-set muting, a -20db mute switch, 3-position high & low filters, 3-Band Linear Bass/Midrange/Treble controls, 3 optional frequency settings for Bass & Treble controls, 3-position Tone Selection, A & B Speakers, Tape Input/Output control, 5-position mono-stereo selector switch, Tuner input, 2 Auxiliary inputs, 2 phono inputs, 2 rear 'always on' power outlets and 1 switched power outlet that is controlled by the units main power switch. There is an XLR input for Tape 2, and a spring-loaded ground connection plug.

There are a few variations of the Sansui AU-11000. Many units share some of the same internal components as the less-powerful AU-9900, such as the Bias Board [F-2580] and the Power Supply Board [F-2566], though the AU-11000 has much larger power capacitors. Some units have an 'A' at the end of the model number (AU-11000A), indicating it has 120 Watts-per-channel and a linear volume control.

There is a lot of discussion among the home audio community about how to properly set the DC Offset & Current Bias within the amplifier. This is not something for the average do-it-yourself'er or handyman, and should be performed by a qualified technician.

AU-11000's with the F-2580 bias board can be adjusted using the service manual. AU-11000's with the F-2583 bias board have VR01 & VR03 switched within the circuit. VR02 & VR04 and also switched respectively. This means that the DC Offset & Current Bias trim locations are switched with one-another on the F-2583, compared to the F-2580.

The Service Manual depicts proper adjustments of the F-2580 only. The picture on the right shows the proper illustration for the F-2583.

The AU-11000 uses 8 TO-3 style power-output transistors, 4 per channel. 2 of the 4 are Sanken 2SC1116 [NP

Status 
It has been dubbed "NY's most successful bank" by Crain's New York Business and was ranked as the Best Business Bank, Best Private Bank and Best Attorney Escrow Services provider by the readers of The New York Law Journal in the publication's 2018 survey for the third consecutive year; it was also awarded second place in the Best Private Bank category. In 2015, Forbes ranked the bank as No. 1 in its America's Best & Worst Banks evaluation. Forbes''' 2016 ranking of it as No. 6 marked the sixth consecutive year that the bank was among the Forbes'' top ten.

As of December 31, 2018, the bank had total assets of $47.36 billion, deposits of $36.38 billion, and loans of $36.42 billion.

Community involvement 
In 2018, the bank's Signature Bank Building Improvement Initiative awarded grants totaling $500,000 to community-based not-for-profits to provide funds to improve housing conditions for those living in low-income housing apartments in New York. Each recipient received $100,000 to be used towards their respective buildings.

Controversies

Chinacast Education Corporation v. Signature Bank 
Chinacast Education Corporation filed a $35,000,000 lawsuit against Signature for fraud, money laundering, and failing to stop transfers of money to a fictitious investment holding company in the British Virgin Islands with no legitimate business purpose. Approximately 3 months after the case was opened, Chinacast Education Corporation dropped the case against the three banks named in the lawsuit – Signature Bank, Bank of China, and HSBC Bank. A voluntary dismissal was approved by Judge Swain and the cases against both Signature Bank and Bank of China were dismissed with prejudice.

West End Financial Advisors LLC Ponzi scheme 
In early 2016, some investors filed suit against Signature after the company lost $66 million of investor cash in a Ponzi scheme run by William Landberg, a money manager who pleaded guilty to the crime. They alleged that Signature helped Landberg by ordering him to shift money around dozens of accounts to cover up long-term overdrafts. Landberg was sentenced to three and a half years in federal prison.

Tenant harassment 
Signature Bank has been the center of numerous protests due to mistreatment of tenants by landlords who receive loans from the bank. Despite these accusations, the Association for Neighborhood & Housing Development has applauded the bank's commitment to responsible lending practices as

Muflih al-Saji

Muflih al-Saji was a Muslim commander and governor of Adharbayjan (Iranian Azerbaijan) from c. 929 to c. 935.

Biography
As his nisba indicates, he was a military slave of the Sajid ruler of Adharbayjan, Yusuf ibn Abi'l-Saj. After Yusuf died in 928, he was succeeded briefly as ruler by his nephew, and then by Wasif al-Shirvani in 929 as governor of Adharbayjan for the Abbasid Caliphate. He in turn was followed, likely in the same year, by Muflih. Muflih is first mentioned by Ibn al-Athir in office in 931, and held the post at least until 935, when the last coins struck in his name appear. After him the province was taken over by the Khariji Daysam ibn Ibrahim, likewise a former officer of Yusuf ibn Abi'l-Saj, in 937/8.

In 929, Muflih defeated the Byzantine Domestic of the Schools, John Kourkouas, in battle. The victorious Muflih then pursued the Byzantines into their own territory.

In 931, the Byzantines were engaged in southern Armenia, aiding the ruler of Vaspurakan, Gagik I, who had rallied the local Armenian princes and allied himself with the Byzantines against the local Muslim emirates;  the Christian forces raided the Kaysite emirate and razed Khliat and Berkri to the ground, before marching into Upper Mesopotamia and capturing Samosata. Learning of this, Muflih assembled a "large army" and himself invaded Armenia, defeating Gagik and his Byzantine allies in a battle that according to Ibn al-Athir cost 100,000 Armenians their lives.

When Daysam took power in Adharbayjan, Muflih fled to Shirvan and sought refuge with the local autonomous ruler, Abu Tahir Yazid, but the latter handed him over to Daysam to avoid trouble.

References

Sources
 
 
 
 
 

Category:10th-century Arabs
Category:Ghilman
Category:Azerbaijan under the Abbasid Caliphate

Fighters Uncaged

Fighters Uncaged is a fighting video game for the Xbox 360 Kinect system. It was developed by AMA Studios and published by Ubisoft in November 2010. Fighters Uncaged was one of the first twelve games released for the Kinect. The game has the player control Simon, a man who is attempting to win an illegal fighting tournament to help get his father out of trouble with a crime lord. It has one game mode and features many different fighting moves and different settings and opponents. Simon is able to go up in leagues by obtaining certain numbers of points, which in turn unlock more scenarios and opponents. Following its release, Zuffa filed a lawsuit against Ubisoft for the usage of a trademarked term. Fighters Uncaged received poor reviews from critics, with many criticizing the tutorial and visuals, and citing its motion control system as the biggest issue they had with the game, which many considered to be broken.

Gameplay

Fighters Uncaged is a single-player-only fighting game controlled using the Kinect, a motion sensing input device. The player controls the protagonist of the game, Simon, through his attempts to win an illegal fighting tournament to help get his father out of trouble with a crime lord. The game features one gamemode called "Fight" which is only accessible after completing the tutorial. Fighters Uncaged is played in an over-the-shoulder perspective, with the opponent being on the opposite side. Simon is able to do a range of different actions, including short and long punches, kicks, blocks, dodges, and headbutts. The player can execute special moves via shouting in the direction of the Kinect, once the corresponding bar is full. Fighting consists of looking for telegraphs in the movements of one's opponents to figure out when to dodge or block attacks, then hitting them while they are vulnerable. In the early stages of Fighters Uncaged, it is made less difficult to read the telegraphs of the opponent, but as the player progresses, they become increasingly imperceptible. The moves Simon can complete depend on where the opponent is at the time, and therefore only certain moves will land hits at particular moments. Fighters Uncaged features different leagues, with higher leagues being reached by having a certain number of points. Points are obtained by defeating the opponent, while having a good score. Good scores are attained by accomplishing counteratt

Lord Brennan is the Bar representative on the Council of the International Bar Association. He is also a member of the bars of the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. In 2000, The Lawyer Magazine described him as Barrister of the Year.

Lord Brennan is Chair of the APPG on Legal and Constitutional Affairs, which is a cross party grouping of MPs and Peers with Parliament focussed on discussing issues relating to the legal profession and the reform of the law and constitution.

He has an environmental, product liability and medical negligence practice involving multi-party actions such as the insurance claims from the Paddington rail crash, the combined oral contraceptive pill litigation and, in the past, the local residents' claims arising from the Canary Wharf development scheme, the HIV/haemophiliac claims against the UK government and the Herald of Free Enterprise disaster.  Most recently he has appeared in the 'designer baby' appeal in the House of Lords.

He was created Baron Brennan, of Bibury in the County of Gloucestershire on 2 May 2000 and is president of the Catholic Union of Great Britain. In 2006 Lord Brennan was appointed Delegate for Great Britain and Ireland of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George in succession to Anthony Bailey.

On 19 November 2007 Brennan collapsed in the House of Lords shortly after concluding a speech on the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill. He was given heart massage in the House of Lords by, among others, Ara Darzi, Baron Darzi of Denham, the health minister. He had urged the creation of a National Bioethics Commission. Lord Brennan spent time recovering at St Thomas' Hospital, London.

On 3 December 2007 Lord Brennan again became unwell in the Chamber of the House of Lords.  Having been fitted with a pacemaker at St Thomas' Hospital, he was thanking peers and staff who had been involved in the occasion when he was last taken ill, when he fell back in his seat.

Personal life
In 1968 he married a Spanish national, Pilar Sánchez Moya, with whom he has four sons.

Affiliations
Lord Brennan is the chairman of the board of directors of the Washington-based think-tank Global Financial Integrity.

Arms

References

Category:1942 births
Category:Living people
Category:Labour Party (UK) life peers 
Category:Alumni of the University of Manchester
Category:British Queen

Background

In 1991 the Tamil Tigers (LTTE) made their first attempt to take the Elephant Pass base. The attack was a failure, as troops led by Col. Sarath Fonseka held on despite overwhelming odds and the subsequent Operation Balavegaya. The Tigers suffered over 1,000 casualties. Given these circumstances, LTTE leader Prabakaran changed his strategy to take Elephant Pass by gradually encircling and weakening the troops inside, cutting off supplies and, in effect, strangling the base. The idea was to avoid a frontal assault that would have led to the loss of many LTTE lives, since the army had numerical and logistical superiority. The Elephant Pass isthmus is of strategic importance, as it links the northern mainland known as Wanni with the Jaffna Peninsula. The Jaffna-Kandy road, the A-9 Highway and the railway line to Jaffna run through Elephant Pass, making the narrow strip of land in a sense the gateway to Jaffna. Elephant Pass was thought to be an impregnable military complex. Before the battle the LTTE seized the southern defenses around the base and then severed the sea link to it by capturing the area around Vettilaikerny and cutting the main northern highway, threatening to completely isolate the base.

Battle
The first stage of the LTTE campaign to take control of the peninsula was launched on 11 December 1999. The camps at Vettilaikerny and Kattaikadu on the east coast and Pullaveli to the north of Elephant Pass were taken in a joint land/sea operation. Meanwhile, the 53rd Division of the Sri Lanka Army was brought in to relieve the pressure on the 54th Division deployed in the Elephant Pass sector. The 53rd was an elite force that had been trained by the United States and Pakistan. It had a series of commanding officers, including Brig. Gamini Hettiaratchy, Gen. Sisira Wijeysinghe, Brig. Sivali Wanigaseker and Brig. Egodawela. On 22 April 2000 the LTTE attacked the twin complexes of Iyakachchi and Elephant Pass, pounding the government positions. The LTTE's veteran Black Tiger units stormed into the Iyakkachchi military base in the early hours of the morning in a multi-pronged assault and overran the well-fortified camp

In 1998, the company acquired Intersolv Inc, an applications enablement business, for  and the combined business was renamed Merant. The same year the company acquired XDB Systems with their XDB Enterprise Server relational database management system. In 2001 the business was demerged from Merant with help from Golden Gate Capital Partners and once again became Micro Focus. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2005.

In June 2008, the company acquired the Israeli NASDAQ listed software company NetManage for .

In July 2008, the company acquired the privately held Austin, Texas-based Liant Software Corporation for its RM/COBOL and PL/I product lines. Liant Software owned the assets of Ryan-McFarland Corporation, a Micro Focus competitor in the 1980s.

In July 2009, the company acquired Borland, a developer of application lifecycle management tools, as well as the Quality Solutions part of Compuware, including the automation tool TestPartner.

In 2011, the company alleged that the New South Wales Police Force and other agencies were using 16,500 copies of its ViewNow software on various computers when police and other agencies were only ever entitled to 6,500 licences. The group initially alleged  in damages but later increased this to  after reviewing the results of a court-ordered audit of the police force's computer systems. The police force maintained during the court proceedings that it had paid for a site licence that entitled it to unlimited installations of the software for all of its officers. Despite this, it settled the matter out of court in 2012, for an undisclosed sum. The other agencies previously settled the matter out of court, also for undisclosed sums.

In December 2013, Micro Focus acquired the Orbix, Orbacus and Artix software product lines from Progress Software. These market-leading implementations of the CORBA standard were originally developed by IONA Technologies.

On 15 September 2014, Micro Focus announced that it would acquire The Attachmate Group for  in shares, which would give it ownership of the Attachmate, NetIQ, Novell, and SUSE product lines. Attachmate's parent company Wizard Parent LLC—consisting of the investment groups Elliott Management Corporation, Francisco Partners, Golden Gate Capital, and Thoma Bravo, would hold a 40% stake in Micro Focus post-acquisition.

In 2015, Micro Focus acquired Authasas, which produces authentication middleware.



Gideon Clifford Jeffrey Davidson Haigh (born 29 December 1965) is an English-born Australian journalist who writes about sport (especially cricket) and business. He was born in London, was raised in Geelong, and lives in Melbourne.

Career 
Haigh began his career as a journalist, writing on business for The Age newspaper from 1984 to 1992 and for The Australian from 1993 to 1995. He has since contributed to over 70 newspapers and magazines, both on business topics and on sport, mostly cricket. He wrote regularly for The Guardian during the 2006-07 Ashes series and has featured also in The Times and the Financial Times.

Haigh has authored 19 books and edited seven more. Of those on a cricketing theme, his historical works includes The Cricket War and Summer Game. His biographies are The Big Ship (of Warwick Armstrong) and Mystery Spinner (of Jack Iverson), the latter was The Cricket Society's "Book of the Year", short-listed for the William Hill Sports Book of the Year and dubbed "a classic" by The Sunday Times; anthologies of his writings Ashes 2005 and Game for Anything, as well as Many a Slip (the humorous diary of a club cricket season) and The Vincibles, his story of the South Yarra Cricket Club of which he is life member and perennate vice-president and for whose newsletter he has written about cricket the longest. He has also published several books on business-related topics, such as The Battle for BHP, Asbestos House (which details the James Hardie asbestos controversy) and Bad Company, an examination of the CEO phenomenon. He mostly publishes with Aurum Press. He has won the annual Jack Pollard Trophy for the best Australian cricket book six times.

Haigh was appointed editor of the Wisden Cricketers' Almanack Australia for 1999–2000 and 2000–01. Since March 2006, he has been a regular panellist on the ABC television sports panel show Offsiders. He was also a regular co-host on The Conversation Hour with Jon Faine on 774 ABC Melbourne until near the end of 2006.

Haigh has been known to be critical of what he regards as the deification of Sir Donald Bradman and "the cynical exploitation of his name by the mediocre and the greedy". He did so in a September 1998 article in Wisden Cricket Monthly entitled "Sir Donald Brandname". Haigh has been critical of Bradman's biographer

Volleyer

A serve and volleyer has a great net game, is quick around the net, and has fine touch for volleys. Serve and volleyers come up to the net at every opportunity when serving. They are almost always attackers and can hit many winners with varieties of volleys and drop volleys. When not serving, they often employ the "chip-and-charge", chipping back the serve without attempting to hit a winner and rushing the net. The serve-and-volleyers' strategy is to put pressure on the opponent to try to hit difficult passing shots. This strategy is extremely effective against pushers.

Serve-and-volleyers benefit from playing on fast courts, such as grass or fast concrete. The quick bounce and faster pace of play give them an advantage because opponents have less time to set up for a passing shot. However, the number of serve-and-volley players is decreasing in today's professional tennis, because this strategy requires more experience to master and defeat other playing styles (as well as changes in racquet technology that have improved players' passing shots). In addition to this, there has been a trend toward the slowing down of tennis surfaces over the past few years. The serve-and-volley technique works better on faster surfaces because the volleyer is able to put more balls away without the baseliner being able to chase them down. Although serve and volleyers may be a dying breed, there are still some great players who employ this tactic. The Frenchman Michaël Llodra has been considered by many to be the best pure serve and volleyer of today's game.

Bill Tilden, the dominant player of the 1920s, preferred to play from the back of the court, and liked nothing better than to face an opponent who rushed the net — one way or another Tilden would find a way to hit the ball past him. In his book Match Play and the Spin of the Ball, Tilden propounds the theory that by definition a great baseline player will always beat a great serve-and-volleyer. Some of the best matches of all time have pitted great baseliners such as Björn Borg, Mats Wilander or Andre Agassi against great serve-and-volleyers such as John McEnroe, Boris Becker, Stefan Edberg, or Pete Sampras.

Some players, such as Tommy Haas, Roger Federer and Andy Rod

List of directors of Teylers Stichting

This list contains a list of the directors of Teylers Stichting (Teylers Foundation) - there are five directors at the Foundation, which together make up the Board. Appointments were for life, although directors can resign. The years indicate their membership.

Original appointed directors 
The directors appointed in the testament of Pieter Teyler van der Hulst: 
 Jacobus Barnaart (1778 - 1780)
 Isaac Brand (1778 - 1782)
 Gerard Hugaart (1778 - 1791)
 Antoni Kuits (1778 - 1789)
 Willem van der Vlugt Sr. (1778 - 1807)

Co-opted directors 
Replacements were added by cooptation. 
 Adriaan van Zeebergh (1780 - 1824)
 Jan Herdingh (1782 - 1822)
 Bartel Willem van der Vlugt (1789 - 1839)
 Abraham Hugaart Heems (1791 - 1827)
 Koenraad Hovens (1807 - 1817)
 Willem van der Vlugt (1817 - 1849)
 Vincent Loosjes (1822 - 1841)
 Laurens van Oukerke (1824 - 1835)
 Sybren Klazes Sybrandi (1827 - 1854)
 Vincent van der Vlugt (1835 - 1867)
 Willem van Walré (1839 - 1872)
 Vincent Pzn Herdingh (1841 - 1858)
 Laurens van Hulst (1850 - 1851), resigned
 Jan van der Vlugt (1851 - 1889)
 Carel Godfried Voorhelm Schneevoogt (1854 - 1877)
 Klaas Sybrandi (1858 - 1872)
 Alexander Herdingh (1867 - 1906)
 Willem van Oorde (1872 - 1888)
 Louis Paul Zocher (1872 - 1915)
 Pieter Loosjes (1877 - 1910)
 Daniel de Haan (1889 - 1895)
 Anthonie Wilhelm Thöne (1889 - 1921)
 Jacobus Johannes van Oorde (1895 - 1924), resigned
 Jan Adriaan

The African long-fingered bat (Miniopterus africanus) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
It is found only in Kenya.
It is found in subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. This species is often considered a synonym of Miniopterus inflatus.
The holotype was collected in October 1926 by A. M. Bailey.
It was described as a new species in 1936 by Colin Campbell Sanborn.

Description
It is similar in appearance to the Natal long-fingered bat, but it is much larger.
Its dorsal fur is light brown, with the bases of individual hairs darker than their tips.
Its ventral fur is lighter than the dorsal fur, with individual hairs brown at the base and gray at the tip.
Its forearm is  long.
The greatest length of the skull is  long.

Biology
It is known to be infected with the parasite Polychromophilus melanipherus, which helps support the hypothesis that Haemosporidiasina transitioned from avian hosts to bat hosts in a single evolutionary event.
The 2016 study concluded that it was likely that malaria parasites affecting humans and rodents evolved from parasites affecting bats.

The African long-fingered bat's evolutionary lineage diverged from other long-fingered bats approximately 20 million years ago.

In 2013, an individual from this species tested positive for polyomaviruses.
However, bats are unlikely to be the source of polyomavirus infection in humans, as none of the lineages found in bats so far is known to infect humans.

Range and habitat
It has only been documented in Kenya.
Its type locality is Sanford's Ranch in Mulo, Kenya, which is to the northwest of Addis Ababa.
It was collected at  above sea level.
It has been documented roosting in limestone-rich coral caves on the eastern coast of the country.

Conservation
It is currently evaluated as least concern by the IUCN.
However, the last formal evaluation of this species occurred in 2004.
Some of the caves that it roosts in are threatened by human activities, such as burning and cutting vegetation growing at the mouths of the caves.
Some Kenyans do not understand that bats are important, and may view them as a nuisance or take direct actions to harm them.
Caves are also threatened by expanding human population.
Ken

The board is one of 18 medical specialty certifying boards of the American Osteopathic Association Bureau of Osteopathic Specialists (AOABOS) of the American Osteopathic Association (AOA). Established in 1941, the AOBNP is responsible for examining DOs who have completed an AOA-approved residency training in neurology and/or psychiatry. The purpose of the certification examination is to ensure that physicians who have completed the required training have a high level of competency and therefore can safely provide services to their patients which meets a well established standard of care. Physicians who successfully pass both parts of the examination are recommended by the AOBNP to the AOABOS for certification. The AOABOS holds the ultimate authority in conferring board certification.

The AOBNP is one of two certifying boards for neurologists and psychiatrists in the United States. The other certifying authority is the American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology, Inc. (ABPN), a member board of the American Board of Medical Specialties. As of December 2011, there are 486 osteopathic neurologists and psychiatrists who hold active primary board certification with the AOBNP. A total of 38 physicians hold a Certificate of Special Qualifications in Child Psychiatry and 3 physicians hold a Certificate of Special Qualification in Child Neurology. 41 physicians hold a Certificate of Added Qualification in at least one of the five subspecialty areas of neurology and psychiatry.

Organization
There are ten elected members of the AOBNP. Each member is an AOA board-certified physician, certified through the AOBNP. Membership includes a representative from each area of neurology (4), psychiatry (4), child neurology (1), child psychiatry (1) and a representative from each of the time divisions of the United States whenever possible. The administrative responsibilities of the Board rest with the Executive Director, with the day-to-day functioning carried out by the Administrator.

Board certification
AOBNP certification requires: the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree from an AOA accredited college of Osteopathic Medicine, at least 2 years of AOA membership, completion of 3 years of training in an AOA approved neurology or psychiatry residency program following 1 year of training in a AOA approved rotating internship program, an active and unrestricted medical license in at least one state in the United States and passing of required board examinations after payment of required fees. Although the ABPN has formally eliminated the

COMPAS, an acronym for Correctional Offender Management Profiling for Alternative Sanctions, is a case management and decision support tool developed and owned by Northpointe (now Equivant) used by U.S. courts to assess the likelihood of a defendant becoming a recidivist.

COMPAS has been used by the U.S. states of New York, Wisconsin, California, Florida's Broward County, and other jurisdictions.

Risk Assessment 
The COMPAS software uses an algorithm to assess potential recidivism risk. Northpointe created risk scales for general and violent recidivism, and for pretrial misconduct. According to the COMPAS Practitioner's Guide, the scales were designed using behavioral and psychological constructs "of very high relevance to recidivism and criminal careers."

 Pretrial Release Risk scale: Pretrial risk is a measure of the potential for an individual to fail to appear and/or to commit new felonies while on release. According to the research that informed the creation of the scale, "current charges, pending charges, prior arrest history, previous pretrial failure, residential stability, employment status, community ties, and substance abuse" are the most significant indicators affecting pretrial risk scores.
 General Recidivism scale: The General Recidivism scale is designed to predict new offenses upon release, and after the COMPAS assessment is given. The scale uses an individual's criminal history and associates, drug involvement, and indications of juvenile delinquency.
 Violent Recidivism scale: The Violent Recidivism score is meant to predict violent offenses following release. The scale uses data or indicators that include a person's "history of violence, history of non-compliance, vocational/educational problems, the person’s age-at-intake and the person’s age-at-first- arrest." An individual's risk score for violent recidivism is calculated as follows:Violent Recidivism Risk Score = (age∗−w)+(age-at-first-arrest∗−w)+(history of violence∗w) + (vocation education ∗ w) + (history of noncompliance ∗ w), where w is weight, the size of which is "determined by the strength of the item’s relationship to person offense recidivism that we observed in our study data."

Critiques and legal rulings 
In July 2016, the Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that COMPAS risk scores can be considered by judges during sentencing, but there

The festival is open-access and artists produce shows independently. Melbourne Fringe also funds and produces its own free events.

History
The Fringe Arts Network was formed in 1982, aiming to raise public and government awareness of alternative arts in Melbourne. The Network offered support such as venue advice, shared resources and advocacy.

Fringe Arts Network's inaugural event was a mini-festival, followed in 1983 by a week-long event coinciding with Moomba and presenting 120 artists at some 25 locations across Melbourne. 

In 1984, the Spoleto Festival of Two Worlds expanded to include Melbourne, and Melbourne's Fringe Arts Network became the Melbourne Piccolo Spoleto Fringe Festival. The Melbourne International Festival of the Arts emerged from the Spoleto Festival as a result, and in 1986, the Fringe Arts Network reclaimed its independence from Spoleto and reoriented itself as Melbourne Fringe.

In 2002, the Melbourne Fringe began a Fringe Hub model which programmed a number of closely located venues and offered artists and audiences a central place to gather and network: the Fringe Club at the North Melbourne Town Hall. In 2006, the Melbourne Fringe Club moved upstairs into the North Melbourne Town Hall's Main Hall, with a free nightly Fringe Club program. The Fringe Hub also grew to the nearby Lithuanian Club. 

In 2019, the Fringe Hub moved to the renovated Trades Hall in Carlton. Melbourne Fringe also established a year-round program at its Trades Hall venue.

Notable Shows
 Totem  (2008) an installation by Sayraphim Lothian, involving 120 dolls, each created by artists from around the world, reflecting their inner identities.  
 Twelve Angry Men (2013) written by Reginald Rose which was staged live in the Supreme Court of Victoria with a cast made up entirely of barristers.
 The Sheds (2013) by James Cunningham, about a gay Australian Football League player.
 Control Alt Delete (2014) by Dan Willis, proving you can move smoothly from a career in Computers to Stand-Up Comedy.

See also
Adelaide Fringe
List of festivals in Australia
Fringe theatre

External links
Official site
Fringe Dwellers

References

Category:Festivals established in 1982
Category:Festivals in Melbourne
Category:Fringe festivals in Australia
Category:1982 establishments in Australia


Much of Gentile Bellini's surviving work consists of very large paintings for public buildings, including those for the Scuola Grande di San Giovanni Evangelista. Along with Lazzaro Bastiani, Vittore Carpaccio, Giovanni Mansueti and Benedetto Rusconi, Bellini was one of the artists of hired to paint the 10-painting narrative cycle known as The Miracles of the Relic of the Cross. The commission was intended to celebrate the relic of the Holy Cross which the confraternity had received in 1369. Gentile's contributions  include the Procession of the True Cross in Piazza San Marco, which dates from 1496, and the Miracle of the True Cross at the S. Lorenzo Bridge, dating from 1500 and featuring Gentile's self-portrait and that of his brother Giovanni.

Bellini and the East 
Venice was, at that time, a very important point in which cultures and trade bordered on the eastern Mediterranean Sea and provided gateways to Asia and Africa. As noted, in his lifetime, Gentile was the most prestigious painter in Venice. Therefore, in 1479, he was chosen by the government of Venice to work for Sultan Mehmed II in Constantinople. However, in addition to his work at the Ottoman Court, Gentile's work also responded to other aspects of the East, including the Byzantine Empire.

Istanbul

200px|sağ|thumb| Fatih Sultan Mehmet'in Bellini tarafından yapılmış portresi

In September 1479 Gentile was sent by the Venetian Senate to the new Ottoman capital Istanbul as part of the peace settlement between Venice and the Turks. His role was not only as a visiting painter in an exotic locale, but also as a cultural ambassador for Venice.  This was important to Mehmed II, as he was particularly interested in the art and culture of Italy, and he attempted on several occasions to have himself portrayed by Italian artists. He finally reached his goal with Gentile, who is believed to have painted the portrait of Mehmed II now in the National Gallery, London, (but largely overpainted). It has been noticed that the portrait is like one of the figures in a painting by Marco Palmezzano, Jesus among the Doctors in the Temple (Brisighella, near Forlì and Ravenna). So the dating and authorship of the portrait by Bellini have been placed in question.

Finspång Municipality (Finspångs kommun) is a municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. Its seat is located in the town of Finspång, with some 13,000 inhabitants.

Nature
The municipality refers to itself as Sweden's most lake-dense municipality, with at least 170 named lakes.  The municipality boasts that one can swim in a different lake each day of the year as there are 366 different ones.

History
Finspång is a traditional industrial city. The first industries were established in 1580 when a Royal factory for cannon and cannon balls was supervised.  The industry was to continue for 300 years under supervision of the Dutch-stemming family De Geer.  By Louis de Geer (1622-1695), the Finspång Castle was constructed, and around it industries and an orangery developed into the city Finspång.  Today the two main industrial areas are those of turbines and aluminum processing.

Localities
Finspång (seat)
Rejmyre
Lotorp
Sonstorp
Falla
Hällestad
Ljusfallshammar
Grytgöl
Igelfors
Borggård
Butbro
Hävla
Bränntorp
Byle
Kolstad
Lämmetorp
Lövlund
Prästköp

Elections

Riksdag
These are the results of the Riksdag elections of Finspång Municipality since the 1972 municipality reform. The results of the Sweden Democrats were not published by SCB between 1988 and 1998 at a municipal level to the party's small nationwide size at the time. "Votes" denotes valid votes, whereas "Turnout" denotes also blank and invalid votes.

Blocs

This lists the relative strength of the socialist and centre-right blocs since 1973, but parties not elected to the Riksdag are inserted as "other", including the Sweden Democrats results from 1988 to 2006, but also the Christian Democrats pre-1991 and the Greens in 1982, 1985 and 1991. The sources are identical to the table above. The coalition or government mandate marked in bold formed the government after the election. New Democracy got elected in 1991 but are still listed as "other" due to the short lifespan of the party. "Elected" is the total number of percentage points from the municipality that

Flora  
There are 460 species of vascular plants. About 80% of the reserve's territory is covered by forests dominated by Greek juniper, a relict species that evolved in Asia Minor. There trees are 10 to 15 m but some individuals can reach 20 m and a diametre of 1 m. The Greek juniper forms monotypic or mixed forests with trees such as Oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis), pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens) and South European flowering ash (Fraxinus ornus). Rarer tree or large shrub species include Jerusalem thorn (Paliurus spina-christi) and prickly juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus). Another important tree species is the evergreen European yew (Taxus baccata). 

There are a number of Mediterranean herbaceous plants such as Fritillaria graeca, Colchicum bivonae, Anemone pavonina, woodland tulip (Tulipa sylvestris), etc.

Fauna 
The fauna includes many species that are found in the southernmost regions of Europe. The ornithofauna is very diverse and includes 109 nesting species in the reserve's limited territory. There are 62 species of European conservation importance. In 1997 the reserve, the buffer zone and the Moravska protected area were declared a site of ornithological importance. Of the breeding bird species 30% are characteristic for the Mediterranean biome, including blue rock thrush, common rock thrush, western Orphean warbler, Sardinian warbler, subalpine warbler, olive-tree warbler, black-eared wheatear, black-headed bunting, masked shrike, western rock nuthatch, rock partridge, etc. Important birds of prey include short-toed snake eagle and Eurasian eagle-owl. 

The herpetofauna is also varied and includes 11 snake species, such as European ratsnake, Dahl's whip snake, European cat snake, four-lined snake and European blind snake, and two turtle taxa, spur-thighed tortoise and Hermann's tortoise.

References

References

External links 
 
 

Category:Nature reserves in Bulgaria
Category:Pirin
Category:Geography of Blagoevgrad Province
Category:Tourist attractions in Blagoevgrad Province
Category:Protected areas

SVC

SVC or .svc may refer to:

Computing 
 .svc, a file extension used by Microsoft's Windows Communication Foundation to represent a service hosted by Internet Information Services
 IBM SAN Volume Controller, a hardware and software storage virtualization solution
 Scalable Video Coding, an extension of the video compression standard H.264/MPEG-4 AVC
 Supervisor Call instruction, a type of computer processor instruction
 Support vector classifier, an application of support vector machines for classification
 Switched virtual circuit, a type of virtual connection
 Shell Version Control system, a minix version control system, derived from RCS (Revision Control System)

Technology
 Static VAR compensator, an electrical device for providing fast-acting reactive power
 Still video camera, sometimes also Digital Still Camera (DSC)
 Saab Variable Compression engine, a development project of Saab Automobile, for which it won an award both in 2000 and 2001

Biology 
 Spring viraemia of carp, a viral disease affecting Carp
 Superior vena cava, vein that carries deoxygenated blood from the upper half of the body to the heart's right atrium
 Synchronized vital capacity, a pulmonary function measurement of lung capacity
 Stromal vascular cells

Organizations 
 Shanghai Volunteer Corps, a former part-time military unit of the Shanghai International Settlement
 Sloan Valve Company, which created the Royal Flushometer
 Student Volunteering Cardiff, a registered UK charity run by students at Cardiff University in Wales, UK
 Society of Vacuum Coaters, a professional organization concerned with vacuum coating technology

Colleges 
 Saint Vincent College, America's first Benedictine College; in Pennsylvania
 Saint Vincent's College, the oldest higher education institution in Zamboanga del Norte, Philippines
 Sawston Village College, the first community college in England, in Cambridgeshire
 School of Visual Concepts, a vocational design school in Seattle
 Soham Village College, a British comprehensive school
 Southern Vermont College, a four-year, liberal arts college
 St Virgil's College, a Christian Brother's school in Tasmania, Australia
 St Vincent College, a small co-educational college located in Gosport, Hampshire, England
 Swavesey Village College, a British secondary school in Cambridgeshire
 Saginaw Valley College, former name of Saginaw Valley State University in Michigan
 Soar Valley College, a British

Among Dirmstein’s inhabitants, 89 soldiers fell and 41 were listed as missing in the Second World War. On 20 March 1945, American aircraft advancing on the Rhine attacked the village causing bomb damage and striking houses with autocannon fire. Their target was German soldiers fleeing by the village, many of whom were killed, whereas there were no casualties among the inhabitants.

In connection with the Second World War, there are two stories worth mentioning because they so thoroughly contrast with each other:

The former prisoner of war Stanisław Swiatek (born 1920) from the now Polish city of Szczecin (formerly the German city of Stettin), who from 1940 onwards had spent five years in Dirmstein, maintained a lifelong friendship with the village for more than half a century because of his good experiences, and he conveyed to young fellow countrymen and countrywomen, whom he brought along on visits, his outlook on international understanding. After his first visit, a feature article about it by Albert H. Keil appeared in the Bad Dürkheim district’s yearbook, and Jürgen Bich reported it in the daily press.

Against that heartwarming story, however, comes another about an RAF tail gunner named Sergeant Cyril William Sibley (born 1923), who was wounded in captivity after his Halifax bomber was shot down, and then murdered by Nazi Ortsgruppenleiter Adolf Wolfert. In 1946, he and his accomplice in Sibley’s death, Georg Hartleb, were sentenced by a British court-martial to death, a fate that they eventually met after a half year of fruitless appeals. They were both hanged in Hamelin on 11 October 1946. In 1985, 2004 and 2008, the bloody deed done Sibley found its literary reappraisal in works by the Dirmstein writers Walter Landin and Isolde Stauder. There is a Stolperstein in Sergeant Sibley's memory in the municipality.

Since the war 

After the Second World War, the municipality's history unfolded relatively uneventfully. The administrative reform in Rhineland-Palatinate led in 1969 to a reassignment from the abolished Frankenthal district to the new Bad Dürkheim district, and in 1972 came the municipality's grouping into the likewise newly formed Verbandsgemeinde of Leiningerland.

More dramatic, at least for some of the inhabitants

World War II
The squadron was reactivated on November 20, 1944 at MCB Quantico flying the OY-1 aircraft.  They were then transferred to Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, California where they began training for future combat operations with the 6th Marine Division.  In January 1945, the squadron departed for Guadalcanal as part of the 15th Marines, the artillery regiment of the 6th Marine Division.

On April 1, 1945, VMO-6 came ashore during the Battle of Okinawa and commenced operations from Yomitan Airstrip. VMO-6 flew its OY-1 aircraft on a variety of missions, including artillery spotting, message pickups, photo reconnaissance and medical evacuations in litter equipped OY-ones. In July 1945, the squadron departed for Agaña, Guam where it remained until the end of the war. In October 1945, VMO-6 was deployed to Tientsin, China to participate in the occupation and because of the increase in communist activity. The squadron served in a variety of liaison roles and flew very dangerous missions often under intense ground fire from the communist forces.  They finally left China on January 3, 1947 and returned to MCB Pendleton.

Korean War
 

In August 1950, HO3S-1 helicopters and pilots from HMX-1 at MCAF Quantico, Virginia joined the squadron"s eight OY-2 Sentinels and VMO-6 departed the United States in July 1950 as part of Marine Aircraft Group 33. They arrived in Jinhae, Korea on August 2 and immediately began to fly during the Battle of Pusan Perimeter becoming the first helicopter squadron in the Marine Corps to participate in combat operations  The OY-1's were flown as convoy escorts for the 1st Marine Brigade in addition to observation and reconnaissance missions. They proved so successful that it became regular procedure to have an OY over the brigade at all times during daylight hours.  In August 1950 the squadron, carried its first medevac and these missions became routine for VMO-6 pilots and crewmen.  On November 27, 1950, Chinese encircled the 1st Marine Division at the Battle of Chosin Reservoir.  For the first four days of the battle, until an expeditionary airfield was completed at Hagaru-ri on December 1, helicopters from VMO-6 were the only aircraft able to evacuate

CSBA emphasizes initiatives the United States and its allies can take to wisely invest in the future, even during periods of fiscal austerity and uncertainty. CSBA evaluates its policy proposals through the net assessment methodology, wargaming, and by estimated impact on the Department of Defense budget over multiple Future Years Defense Programs.

Background
CSBA traces its origins to the Defense Budget Project, which was established by Gordon Adams in 1983 at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities in order to "fill a vital information gap in the policy debate" during the Reagan Administration's defense buildup." In May 1995, the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments was incorporated in its current form. Over the next two decades, CSBA played a prominent role in the debate over the revolution in military affairs (RMA) and the transformation of the US military.

Since September 11, 2001, CSBA has focused its analysis on linking near-term requirements to longer term challenges.  According to the group's website, CSBA "looks out two to three decades to identify emerging security challenges and opportunities."  CSBA describes its current efforts as "drawing attention to a set of worrisome and profound emerging areas of concern:  a rising China threat in the Pacific Theater; a nuclear-armed Iran; maintaining the US defense industrial base; and realigning the defense budget."  Over the past few years, CSBA has played a prominent role in the ongoing development of an AirSea Battle concept by the U.S. Air Force and Navy. Following cuts to U.S. defense spending and accelerating foreign military modernization, CSBA has also taken a lead role in highlighting the need to rebalance the Department of Defense's force structure and invest wisely for future challenges.

CSBA is a 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization. The group's public education and research program is funded by grants and contributions from a range of foundations and corporations.  The majority of CSBA's income comes from research support under contract with the Department of Defense,  military Services, and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA).

Staff
Notable key personnel employed by CSBA have included:
 Dr. Thomas G. Mahnken, President (2016–present)
Andrew Krepinevich, Jr., (LTC, USA, ret.) President, (1993 to 2016)
 Eric Edelman, Distinguished Fellow, former Undersecretary of Defense for Policy (2005–2009

History 

The tarte Tatin was created accidentally at the Hôtel Tatin in Lamotte-Beuvron, Loir-et-Cher,  south of Paris, in the 1880s.  The hotel was run by two sisters, Stéphanie and Caroline Tatin. There are conflicting stories concerning the tart's origin, but the most common is that Stéphanie Tatin, who did most of the cooking, was overworked one day. She started to make a traditional apple pie but left the apples cooking in butter and sugar for too long. Smelling the burning, she tried to rescue the dish by putting the pastry base on top of the pan of apples, quickly finishing the cooking by putting the whole pan in the oven. After turning out the upside down tart, she was surprised to find how much the hotel guests appreciated the dessert. In an alternative version of the tart's origin, Stéphanie baked a caramelized apple tart upside-down by mistake, regardless she served her guests the unusual dish. Whatever the veracity of either story, the concept of the upside down tart was not a new one. For instance, patissier Antonin Carême already mentions glazed gâteaux renversés adorned with apples from Rouen or other fruit in his Pâtissier Royal Parisien (1841).

The tarte became a signature dish of the Hôtel Tatin. Historians and gourmets have argued whether it is a genuine creation of the Demoiselles (Misses) Tatin, or the branding of an improved version of the "tarte solognote", a traditional dish named after the Sologne region which surrounds Lamotte-Beuvron.  Research suggests that, while the tarte became a specialty of the Hôtel Tatin, the sisters did not set out to create a "signature dish"; they never wrote a cookbook or published their recipe; they never even called it tarte Tatin.  That recognition was bestowed upon them by Curnonsky, famous French author and epicure, as well as the Parisian restaurant Maxim's after the sisters' deaths.

One of the legends has it that Louis Vaudable, the owner of Maxim's, once tasted it and was smitten. As he described it:

"I used to hunt around Lamotte-Beuvron in my youth and had discovered, in a very small hotel run by elderly ladies, a marvelous

The Antwerp Water Works (Dutch: Antwerpse Water Werken) or AWW produces water for the city of Antwerp (Belgium) and its surroundings. The AWW has a yearly production of  and a revenue of 100 million euro.

History
Between 1832 and 1892, Antwerp was struck every ten to fifteen years by a major cholera epidemic which each time claimed a few thousand lives and lasted for about two years. In 1866 the cholera epidemic infected about 5000 people and about 3000 people died. Between 1861 and 1867 several propositions were done for a water supply for Antwerp. In 1873, under mayor Leopold De Wael, it was decided that a concession should be granted to secure the water supply of the city.

On 25 June 1873, a concession of 50 years was granted to the English engineers, Joseph Quick from London, together with John Dick, to organize the water supply of Antwerp. Due to a lack of funds and a dispute between the partners this venture stranded. In 1879, the English engineering company Easton & Anderson took over the yards and the concession. Within two years they succeeded in finishing the work. An exploitation society was established: the Antwerp Waterworks Company Limited, a society according to English law which would be in charge of the exploitation from 1881 up to 1930.

The water was won from the Nete river at the bridge of Walem. It was purified according to an original method: an iron filter. In the period 1881 up to 1908 the system was repaired repeatedly, until eventually a new method of filtration was chosen which was a combination of fast with slow sand filtration. This method of filtration is still being used today for the treatment of a large part of the raw material, now water from the Albert Canal.

In 1930, the concession came to an end, as no agreement could be reached with the English owners concerning a new construction in which the municipalities surrounding Antwerp would be included. The city of Antwerp took over the company and founded a mixed intermunicipal company (private and public participation) in which the English Waterworks kept a minority participation. The remaining shares were in the hands of the city of Antwerp and the surrounding municipalities of Berchem, Boechout, Borgerhout, Deurne, Edegem, Ekeren, Hoboken, Hove, Mortsel, Kontich and Wilrijk. The English withdrew from the company in

Plot
Penny-pinching Zheng Shan Guo (Huang Wen Yong) and his family of seven live in a five-room apartment. His spendthrift wife Yu Xiang (Chen Li Ping) manages to convince him to move into a bigger house, but they end up living next to a neurotic neighbour Wu You Li (Cavin Soh). You Li has a large tumor growing around his neck, making him self-conscious. He does not get along with people and is often disagreeable, but the appearance of a blind girl changes him and he begins to warm up. Lan Jin Yin (Jin Yinji) stays in the apartment next to Shan Guo with her two grandchildren, Li Qin (Shaun Chen) and Li Fen (Paige Chua) after their mother Qiu Mei (Jue Xi) was imprisoned for killing their father. Qiu Mei was released from prison and was shunned by Jin Yin and Li Qin when she looks them up. She moves into an apartment near them in an attempt to reconcile and make up for her past mistakes. This is a heartwarming story that touches on family issues, regrets, love lost and found .

Chit Chat Club
Before an episode, a humorous three-minute clip called Chit Chat Club (叽喳棺) was telecast as an appetizer for viewers.

Synopsis beginning

The Zheng family lives in a five-room Housing and Development Board (HDB) flat in Bishan, Singapore. Its occupants are money-minded eldest son Zheng Shanguo (Huang Wenyong), his materialistic wife Zhang Yuxiang (Chen Liping), and his daughters, the hot-tempered Aizhen (Yvonne Lim), the health-conscious Aishan (Belinda Lee) and the slow and simple Aimei (Cai Peixuan). The flat's other two occupants are Shanguo's elderly mother Lu Qiaomei (Hong Damu), who is always armed with a plan for every situation, and Shanguo's wayward younger brother, Shuiguo (Yao Wenlong). The Zheng family runs a coffee shop with two outlets, one in Bishan and the other in Jurong West.

Living directly opposite them is the Li family, which comprises the bedridden Jianzhou (Liang Tian), his wife J

Rhodesia Railways 20th class

The Rhodesia Railways 20th class, later Zambia Railways and National Railways of Zimbabwe 20th classes, were among the largest and most powerful steam locomotives in the southern hemisphere.

With 61 locomotives built, they were the fourth largest class of Garratt locomotive built – after the South African Railways class GMA, (120), the Rhodesia Railways 15th class, (74) and the South African Railways class GF (65).

Design
The locomotives have a 4-8-2+2-8-4 of "Double Mountain" wheel arrangement. This arrangement was also used by most other large Garratts.

The 20th class was the first and only class of Rhodesia Railways locomotives to be fitted with mechanical stokers. Other technical features included bar frames and thermic syphons.

The later locomotives were classified as 20A class; the main difference being that the 20ths' inside and outside trailing wheels were of the same size, on the 20A, the inside trailing wheels diameter had been increased in size. The 20As were also heavier.

The 20th class also had the round-ended bunkers characteristic of late Garratts.

The early years
The initial use of the 20th class was ill-fated. The locomotives were plagued with teething troubles including cracks in the locomotives' frames and fireboxes. Unlike the South African Railways' GMA, which had cast steel frames, the 20th had conventional fabricated bar frames.

Two locomotives were scrapped very early due to accident damage. Strangely, they were the first (700) and the last (760) built.

Apart from these problems, the locomotives met all expectations. They were by far the most powerful locomotives on the Rhodesia Railways, and were rated to pull  up a 1.55% (1 in 64) incline.

Later service
In 1964, Zambia took over the operation of railways in its territory. This included the transfer of 80–90 locomotives – about half of them 20th and 20A class locomotives. This left only fifteen 20ths in [Southern] Rhodesia. They later re-acquired four from Zambia Railways when the latter dieselised.

These nineteen locomot

Bacteriophage f1 is structurally classified as a class I filamentous phage, and is closely related to the other Ff phages, such as M13 and phage fd.

In the following article, genes will be written in italics and their associated proteins in Roman numerals.

Morphology 
Phage f1 is a filamentous (rod-shaped) ssDNA phage, with a molecular mass of about 1.6 Da; by weight it is 11.3 percent DNA.  The flexible phages are about 850 nm long and 4.3 or 6.3 nm wide.  The thousands of identical major coat proteins that make up the sheath are arranged in a fishcale-like α-helix.

The ends of the filament are sealed with protein caps; the blunt end contains 3–5 copies of each VII and IX, while the terminally extruded bead-like end contains about 5 copies each of III and VI.

Genome Organization 
f1 has a circular, 6407 bp genome of ss-DNA.

There are 11 genes encoded on the genome; two are overlapping in-frame genes.  Five of the encoded proteins make up the viron, three are needed for synthesis and the rest are for assembly.  The genes are generally referred to by Roman numerals I-XI, and are in the order II(X), V, VII, IX, VIII, III, VI, I(XI), IV, intergenic region (IG or IGR).  The IGR contains the packing signal (PS) as well as sequences that dictate termination, nicking for replication, and the binding of II and IHF.

Life cycle

Adsorption and Injection 
f1 is male specific; it only infects Hfr or F+ strains of E. coli.

Several host proteins are required for infection and depolymerization of the coat proteins of the phage.
A domain of III binds to the primary receptor, the tip of the F pilus, and retraction of the pilus by an unknown mechanism brings another domain of III close enough to the membrane to bind the coreceptor, host tolA.

The removal of the cap proteins and release of the ssDNA into the cytoplasm are both mediated by the interactions of tolA and III.
 A hydrophobic portion of III inserts itself into the inner membrane, fastening the phage particle to the host and distributing the

The band played their last ever show at the Connect Music Festival in Inverary, Scotland on 31 August 2007.

Post-Aereogramme
Iain Cook and Craig B. have since formed another band, The Unwinding Hours, and released a new album on 15 February 2010. Cook also formed in 2011 a new band, Chvrches, together with Martin Doherty and Lauren Mayberry, as well as recording, mixing and mastering fellow Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad's 2008 mini-album Here, It Never Snowed. Afterwards It Did. Bassist Campbell McNeil also plays on the same album's opening track "And She Would Darken the Memory". Martin Scott is currently working with Scottish rock band Biffy Clyro as tour manager and Campbell McNeil is working in the same capacity with The Temper Trap and Chvrches.

Members
 Craig B. – vocals, guitar
 Iain Cook – guitar, programming
 Campbell McNeil – bass guitar
 Martin Scott – drums

Discography

Albums
A Story in White (2001)
Sleep and Release (2003)
Seclusion (2004)
My Heart Has a Wish That You Would Not Go (2007)

Singles and EPs
"Hatred" (1999)
"Translations" (1999)
"Fukd ID No. 1 – Glam Cripple EP" (2000)
"White Paw EP" (2001)
"Acoustic Tour CDR" (2003)
"Acoustic Tour CDR 2" (2003)
Livers & Lungs (2003)
"Acoustic Tour CDR 3" (2004)
"Acoustic Tour CDR 4" (2005)
In the Fishtank 14 with Isis (2006)
"Acoustic Tour CDR 5" (2006)

References

See also 

 List of bands from Glasgow
 List of Scottish musicians

External links
 Official website
 Official MySpace profile
 Chemikal Underground Records
 Undergroove Records
 Video interview and 3 live videos at wenn's rockt! WebTV

Category:Scottish post-rock groups
Category:Musical groups established in 1998
Category:Musical groups disestablished in 2007
Category:Scottish indie rock groups
Category:1998 establishments in Scotland
Category:Musical groups from Glasgow
Category:Sonic Unyon artists
Category:Matador Records

Melissa Maughn

Melissa Taylor (born Melissa Maughn, August 27) is a Canadian professional wrestler best known as her ring name 21st Century Fox.

Professional wrestling career
Maughn was originally trained by Sid Summers in Cambridge, Ontario.

Pure Wrestling Association
In October 2005, Maughn was defeated by Misty Haven in the finals of the Pure Wrestling Association (PWA)'s Women's Elite 8 Cup Tournament.

Maughn won the PWA's Elite Women's Championship for the first time in 2005 from Cheerleader Melissa. In March 2006, Maughn dropped the title to Melissa, but she regained it in a triple threat match against Melissa and Misty Haven. She defended it against Haven on July 22, 2006 at PWA's One Year Anniversary Show. Maughn also retained her title in a match against Tiana Ringer before losing it to Aurora in July. Maughn, however, regained the title the same night. She also traded the title with Misty Haven and defended it against challengers such as Miss Danyah and Portia Perez.

In September 2006, she defeated Ivory in a wedding veil on a pole match with special guest referee Molly Holly. In April 2007, she defended her title against April Hunter.

Other promotions
In late 2005, she participated in CIWA North's first women's wrestling match. She won a tag team match with Angel Williams against Tracy Brooks and Elmira the Iron Maiden. Maughn had a tryout match with World Wrestling Entertainment in September 2006.

A month later in November, she participated in Great Canadian Wrestling's W.I.L.D. Tournament, but lost to Sirelda, the eventually winner of the tournament. In the 2007 tournament, she was defeated in the first round by Portia Perez.

Personal life
Maughn has an older brother. In high school, she played on the girls' football team for three years.

Championships and accomplishments
Old School Pro Wrestling
OSPW Women's Championship (1 time)
IAW Wrestling
IAW North American Women's Championship (1 time)
Pure Wrestling Association
PWA Elite Women's Championship (5 times)

References

Category:Canadian female professional wrestlers
Category:Living people
Category:Professional wrestlers from Quebec
Category:Sportspeople from Montreal
Category:Year of birth missing (living people

History
The Iowa Sports Foundation, Inc. (ISF) was created June 20, 1986 as a non-profit entity.  The ISF is governed by a 33-member board of directors made up of former governors, athletic and corporate leaders from all parts of the state.

Corporate sponsorships and entry fees provide the major source of funding for the ISF.

Iowa Games
The Summer Iowa Games, powered by The Iowa Food and Family Project, began in August 1987 as a weekend event, featuring 16 sports and 7,104 participants. For the first time, weekend athletes, children and senior citizens could experience the thrill of great performances and the satisfaction of doing their best in a statewide Olympic-style competition.

Today, more than 50 sports are offered over three weekends in July. The main weekend of the Summer Iowa Games features an Opening Ceremony, Torch Run, Finals Fest and Sunday Chapel Service.

The Winter Iowa Games, held annually in Dubuque, began in 1992. Seventeen sports were offered in 2010. Several sports are held in Cedar Rapids, while six other communities host events. Like the Summer Games, the Winter Games also offers an Opening Ceremony and Family Fun Fest.

Special Sport Events
Several other sports events were offered throughout the year including Net Fest Basketball and Volleyball tournaments, Hoopin’ at the Dome 3 on 3 basketball tournament, Iowa Games Golf Classic, Fish Iowa Games and the ISF Mud Run.

Live Healthy Iowa
Live Healthy Iowa (LHI) brings together friends, families, businesses and communities in team-based wellness challenges designed to promote positive lifestyle change. Annually more than 25,000 Iowan’s participate in the January through April program.
The 100 Day Wellness Challenge is a simple and affordable program encouraging Iowans to make healthy choices. Over the course of 100 days, teams of 2-10 compete in friendly competition, tracking activity minutes and/or weight loss through the Live Healthy Iowa Web site.

Due to the success of Live Healthy Iowa, Live Healthy America (LHA) was created in 2006. LHA mirrors LHI; although it is a nationwide program. LHA offer Iowa companies who have employees in other states and opportunity have their entire company participate in a Live Healthy program.

Special Health Initiatives:
Three exciting youth health initiatives, Live Healthy Iowa Kids, Go The Distance Day, and Fall Fitness Day were offered free to Iowa

Raleigh, Durham, and Chapel Hill make up the three primary metropolitan areas of the Research Triangle metropolitan region. The regional nickname of "The Triangle" originated after the 1959 creation of the Research Triangle Park, primarily located in Durham County, four miles from downtown Durham. RTP is bordered on three sides by the city of Durham and is roughly midway between the cities of Raleigh and Chapel Hill, and the three major research universities of NC State University, Duke University, and University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill.

Effective June 6, 2003, the U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) redefined the Federal statistical areas. This resulted in the formation of the Raleigh-Cary, NC Metro Area and the Durham-Chapel Hill, NC Metro Area.

The Research Triangle region encompasses OMB's Combined Statistical Area (CSA) of Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill in the central Piedmont region of North Carolina. , the population of the Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill CSA was 1,998,808. The Raleigh-Cary Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) as of Census 2010 was 1,130,490.

History

In 1750, Cary began as a settlement called Bradford's Ordinary. About 100 years later, the North Carolina Railroad between New Bern and Hillsborough was constructed through the town, linking Bradford's Ordinary to a major transportation route.

Allison Francis "Frank" Page is credited with founding the town. Page was a Wake County farmer and lumberman. He and his wife, Catherine "Kate" Raboteau Page bought  surrounding the railroad junction in 1854 and named his development Cary, after Samuel Fenton Cary (a former Ohio congressman and prohibitionist he admired). Page became a railroad agent and a town developer. He laid out the first streets in Cary and built a sawmill, a general store and a post office (Page became the first Postmaster). In 1868, Page built a hotel to serve railroad passengers coming through Cary. Cary was incorporated on April 3, 1871, with Page becoming the first mayor. In 1879, the Raleigh and Augusta Air-Line Railroad (later the Seaboard, now CSX Transportation) arrived in Cary from the southwest, creating Fetner Junction just north of downtown and spurring further growth.

In the early years, Cary adopted zoning and other ordinances on an ad-hoc basis to

Mehmed Shevki Efendi (, Modern Turkish: Mehmed Şevki Efendi) (1829 Kastamonu–1887 Istanbul) (alternative names: Muhammed Shawqi, Şevki Efendi), was a prominent Ottoman calligrapher. He is known for his Thuluth-Naskh works, and his style developed into the Shevki Mektebi school, which many contemporary calligraphers in the style take as a reference.

Life and career
Born in Kastamonu, a town near the Black Sea, in 1887, Mehmed Shevki Efendi was the son of Ahmad Agha from Tajc. He was sent to Istanbul at a young age, where he was raised by his uncle.  

He received his earliest formal training from his uncle, Mehmed Hulûsi Efendi (d. 1894) and obtained a Diploma at the age of fourteen. He was trained in the thuluth and the naskh scripts. Later, his uncle wanted him to study with a more experienced master, and sought to apprentice him to Kazasker Mustafa Izzet Efendi. However, the boy refused to study with any master, other than his uncle. Ultimately, he taught himself advanced techniques from calligraphic works of Hâfiz Osman and other great calligraphers. By remaining with his uncle, rather than joining a different school, Mehmed Şevkî had the freedom to develop his own style. This style became known as û Şevki mektebi eb. He certified a number of calligraphers, who went on to enjoy exceptional careers including Mohammad Hosni.

Şevkî Efendi was the last in a long line of calligraphers, beginning with Seyh Hamdullah in the 15th-century, who refined and improved the sülüs and naskh scripts. He achieved a "height of perfection never attained previously, nor surpassed since."   

He taught penmanship in the Ministry of War, where he trained military scribes and also worked in several schools. He also taught calligraphy to the sons of Sultan Abdulhamid II.  

He died on 7 May, 1887 following a stroke and was buried next to his uncle, Hulûsi Efendi, in the Merkezefendi Cemetery. He was

Dasadhyayi

Dasadhyayi (Devanāgarī: ,  IAST: ) is the famous reputed commentary on the first ten chapters of Varāha Mihira’s Bṛhat Jātaka by Govinda Bhaṭṭathiri (1237 – 1295) of Talakkulam who hailed from Alattur, a village near Thirur in South Malabar, Kerala, and who had also written Muhūrtapadavī. This text was regularly studied and memorised along with Bṛhat Jātaka and its interpretation of terms readily accepted.

 was primarily written by Govinda Bhattathiri in simple language and style for the benefit of his own disciples, and is based on experimentation and observation; he has focussed on prediction and profusely quoted sources but he has followed more the views of Sārāvalī on which basis he has also criticized Varāhamihira. With regard to the value and importance of Daśādhyāyī, which commentary is the foremost amongst the twenty-eight commentaries on , Harihara, the author of Praśna Mārga, states that - 
Sanskrit: अदृष्ट्वा यो दशाध्यायीं फलमादेष्टुमिच्छति । इच्छत्येव समुद्रस्य तरणं स प्लवं विना ॥३२॥

IAST: adṛṣṭvā yo daśādhyāyīṃ phalamādeṣṭumicchati । 
icchatyeva samudrasya taraṇaṃ sa plavaṃ vinā ॥32॥
English Translation by Dr. B.V Raman:
“One, who attempts to predict without the Daśādhyāyī, would be like a man trying to cross an ocean without a boat.”
– Praśna Mārga: Importance of Varāhamihira, Śloka 32, Prathamādhyāya - Chapter 1.



In 1996, he launched LUSTLUX, under which his spatial environments (incorporating walls, furniture, light, sound, and different props) are produced. The rooms, corridors, pits and dark corners take you into another world, an enigmatic labyrinth populated by unlikely juxtapositions of stuffed animals, furniture and environmental sculptures, with carefully controlled lighting, recorded sound and music, video, living plants, motorized walls and sliding doors.

In the past, Sæthre has spoken of his fascination with Freud's concept of "the uncanny". So instead of trying to shock his media-saturated audience, he draws visitors into active participation in his synthetic dreamlike worlds and gives them a true taste of the uncanny.

Sæthre lives and works in Berlin and Oslo. He is represented by Galerie Loevenbruck, Paris, France

Academic
His academic career has been:
2008 Residency at Cité internationale des arts in Paris
2001–2002: Residency at the Kunstlerhaus Bethanien, Berlin, Germany
1999–2000: Residency at the ISCP (International Studio and Curatorial Program), New York, USA
1997–1998: Master Studio, National Academy of Fine Arts, Oslo, Norway
1992–1996: National Academy of Fine Arts, Oslo, Norway

Solo exhibitions
 1997 - Double Fantasy The Pasolini Experience and some Paranormal Activities, Künstlerhaus Bethanien, Berlin
 1997 - The Beautiful Ones Hurt You Every Time, Fotogalleriet, Oslo, Norway
 1997 - The Steps in Between, Hordaland Kunstnersentrum, Bergen, Norway
 1997 - (09-09 / 14-10) - Lustlux, Lustlux Corp, Oslo
 1999 - A million dreams, a million scars, Galerie Wang, Oslo
 2000 - (09-09 / 12-10) - Module for Mood, Theard Waxing Space, New York City
 2001 - (31-03 / 24-06) - My Private Sky, Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art, Oslo
 2003 - Catch Me and Let Me Die Wonderful, Quarantine Series, Amsterdam, Netherlands
 2003 - The Lustlux Years - Galerie Wang, Oslo, Norway
 2003 - Untitled 5.0' (Selected Memories: Fragments, Sketches and Ideas From

Recording and music
The first song, "Abide With Me"—a hymn by W. H. Monk—is played only by the septet's horn section. The song "Ruby, My Dear" is performed only by Monk, Coleman Hawkins, Wilbur Ware, and Art Blakey. John Coltrane had joined Monk after playing with the Miles Davis Quintet, and Monk can be heard enthusiastically calling on him ("Coltrane! Coltrane!") to take the first horn solo on the album in "Well, You Needn't." All of the songs except one are original compositions by Monk; all of the originals but "Crepuscule with Nellie" had appeared on previous Monk albums and singles in prior performances.

Mono vs. stereo

This was the first Thelonious Monk album recorded and released in both mono (RLP 12-242) and stereo (RLP 1102). The stereo version was released a year after the mono, in 1959. It has been noted that the mixes of these releases are extremely different. The stereo mix, while featuring the same performances as does the mono version, used an entirely different set of microphones, suspended from the ceiling, while the mono release used microphones in closer proximity to the instruments. As a result, the stereo mix has a more distant sound and Wilbur Ware's bass is much less audible. 

Producer Orrin Keepnews explained:

In the notes to the 1986 Riverside Monk box, Keepnews wrote:

The original stereo LP release did not list "Crepuscule with Nellie" on its label or cover track listing (although it was referenced in the liner notes), and did not include it on the album, though the mono version always included the piece. A circa-1965 stereo re-release with serial number RLP 12-9242 also skipped "Crepuscule with Nellie", even though it was listed on the label and cover. The 1967 "stereo" pressing (RS 3004) distributed by ABC Records was an "electronically reprocessed" version of the mono mix. A 1977 Japanese vinyl version appears to be the first true stereo release that also includes the (mono) "Crepuscule with Nellie".

Reception
The album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2001.

Re-releases
The album was reissued by Original Jazz Class

To start the game, all of the children, including the guard and seeker, stand near the can. One player kicks the can as far as possible and then all the players, except the guard and seeker, go into hiding. The guard and seeker sits on the can with eyes closed until everyone else has hidden and called out "ready". The guard and seeker then begins searching for the hidden players. When the guard and seeker finds a hidden player, the guard and seeker says the hider's name. The hider and the guard and seeker race to the can. If the guard and seeker gets to the can first, the hider is declared caught and the guard and seeker continues to look for players that are hiding. If the guard and seeker leaves the can to search and a hider emerges and kicks the can, the players who were caught earlier can hide again.

Benefits 
Some argue that Sepak Tekong has many benefits for its players:

 promotes physical activity
 builds good relationships among players since all players are considered equal
 improves memory because the guard and seeker must memorize the names of the other players
 promotes creativity because players must find a place to hide and consider whether the place can be easily found or not
 builds community since all players must follow the same rules
 encourages cooperation because rules can be changed to accommodate different geography
 forms good sportsmanship since there are winners and losers

Decline
Younger generations no longer play traditional games like Sepak Tekong. There are many modern games which are considered simpler and easier to play. Only a few children still know and play this Sepak Tekong today. In addition, Sepak Tekong requires a large space to play and it is difficult to find large spaces because most of the possible playing areas are under construction or have been built upon. In this era, most children do not feel that the game is relevant.

Footnotes

References
 https://web.archive.org/web/20161111061007/http://kebudayaanindonesia.net/kebudayaan/1451/permainan-sepak-tekong
 http://www.kompasiana.com/sipengembara/sepak-tekong-kenangan-masa-kecil-tak-terlupakan_5520e998a333115d4a46cded
 http

Oasisamerican style

Oasisamerican peoples, whose influence was marked primarily by commercial exchanges between the north and south of Mexico, had widespread contact with the other peoples of Mesoamerica in the Northern Hemisphere, leading to a unique style of building construction in the Americas. The archaeological record of this style is scant compared to that of Chan Chan in northern Peru.

Paquimé was a prehistoric settlement that had cultural influence in the northwest of the Sierra Madre Occidental, most of modern-day western Chihuahua and some areas of what is now the states of Sonora, Arizona, Utah, Colorado and New Mexico. Researchers estimate that the population probably grew to about 3,500 inhabitants, but their linguistic and ethnic affiliation is unknown.

The site is known for its adobe buildings and their "T" form doors. Only a fraction of its total length is fenced and less is excavated. Its buildings have traits of Oasisamerican culture and demonstrate the skill of the Prehispanic architects of the region who designed multifamily adobe houses up to four stories high utilizing wood, reed, and stone as supplementary building materials.

Colonial Period

With the establishment of Spanish rule in Mexico, the first churches and monasteries were built utilizing architectural principles of classical order and the Arabic formalities of Spanish mudéjarismo. Great cathedrals and civic buildings were later built in the Baroque and Mannerist styles, while in rural areas estate manor houses and hacienda buildings  incorporated Mozarabic elements. The syncretic Indian-Christian mode of architecture developed organically as Indians interpreted European architectural and decorative features in the native, pre-Columbian style called tequitqui ("laborer" or "mason", from Nahuatl).

Organizing local indigenous communities around monastic centers was one of the solutions devised by friars of the mendicant orders in the 16th century to convert the large number of indigenous non-Catholics in New Spain. These were conceived of as fortresses, but based architecturally on the European conventual model, incorporating new features such as the open chapel and atriums with a stone cross at the center; they were characterized by different decorative elements.

Early in the history of the Indian reductions (reducciones de indios), the convents became community training centers, so to speak, where the Indians could learn various arts and trades as well

Early life
Born in Hong Kong, Lee is the youngest of three children and was born to an Indonesian Chinese father and a Hong Kong Chinese mother. She has two elder sisters, Nancy, who was her manager before, and Carol. Her father died before she was born. When she was 9 years old, her mother brought Lee and her sisters to live in San Francisco. She attended Presidio Middle School and Raoul Wallenberg Traditional High School, both in San Francisco. The summer after graduating from high school, she was offered a recording contract in Hong Kong and attempted to juggle her burgeoning career there with her studies at the University of California, Irvine but eventually left after her freshman year to concentrate on her pop career.

Career

Career beginnings and Sony Music: 1992-1998
After Lee graduated from high school in 1992, she returned to Hong Kong to see her sisters participate in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant. While there, she took part in the 12th Annual New Talent Singing Awards and was the first runner-up, singing Whitney Houston's Run to you. The following day, Capital Artists offered her a recording contract. She made her debut by appearing in several compilation albums, such as Red Hot Hits '93 Autumn Edition (火熱動感93勁秋版). In 1994, working with Fancy Pie Records, she released her first solo albums in Mandarin, Love from Now On (愛就要趁現在) and Promise Me (答應我). In 1995, she released an English language cover album, Brave Enough to Love, as well as her third Mandarin album, Woman in Love (被愛的女人). In 1996, Lee signed a contract with Sony Music Entertainment and her subsequent album, "Coco Lee" became the best-selling album of 1996 in Asia. In 1997, she released the Mandarin album "Sincere" as well as a self-titled Cantonese album. In 1998, the Mandarin album Di Da Di was released and sold to 1 million copies in less than 3 months.

International collaborations and English debut: 1998–2005
From her next album Sunny day, "Colors of the World" was used for the opening of the Football World Cup, and the song The answer (答案) for the Chinese movie Bishonen. Walt Disney Pictures hired her to sing the theme song "Reflection" (自�

Elzy Burroughs (1771/77–1825) was an American stonemason, engineer, lighthouse builder and keeper.

Elzy Burroughs was born and raised in Stafford County, Virginia. Elzy Burroughs' family leased and operated a sandstone quarry in the Aquia Creek area of Stafford County.  Known as Aquia sandstone, material from quarries in this area was utilized in the construction of Mount Vernon, the United States Capitol building, the White House, and the first lighthouse constructed at Cape Henry in Princess Anne County, Virginia, at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay.

As a child, Elzy would have grown up playing near sandstone quarries. He would have been surrounded by expert stonemasons and by all of the tools, equipment and skills that are necessary to that profession. So it was no surprise when he, too, grew up to join in the mason's craft.

As a young man, Burroughs worked as a mason and builder across the Tidewater Virginia region.  He had a young wife, the former Miss Lightburn, also of Stafford County, and a growing family.  During his travels he built stone and brick structures, including the county clerks' offices in York and Middlesex Counties. His oldest son, John Jay Burroughs (who later served as Clerk of Court of Princess Anne County), was born during this period in 1798 in Middlesex County, Virginia.

Under contract with the young United States Government under President Thomas Jefferson, Elzy Burroughs built three lighthouses along the Virginia coast, at Old Point Comfort at Fort Monroe in 1802, at Smith Point in Northumberland County around 1803 (moved further inland and rebuilt by Burroughs in 1807), and at New Point Comfort, in Mathews County in 1804.  Only the towers at Old Point and New Point have survived until the present, and both of these are known to be constructed from Aquia sandstone, likely from the Burroughs family quarry.

Soon after the construction of the New Point Comfort Light, Burroughs settled in Mathews County with his wife and son John, building a private house for his family on New Point Comfort Island (which he owned).  Elzy was also appointed keeper of that lighthouse, where he served officially until 1814.  In fact, the subcontractor Elzy had

Five Abellio ScotRail examples (170416-170420) along with 23 West Midlands Railway 170s will move to East Midlands Railway after being replaced by new Class 196s in 2020. The centre cars from the 6 170/6s will be transferred to CrossCountry and inserted into 6 of its 2 car units, leaving just seven 2 car units.  

East Midlands Railway is also due to receive 12 s from Southern (including the ex-Scotrail 170/4 examples and possibly ex 170392) during 2021. These will be converted back to Class 170s with their carriage configuration also being changed to create 2 and 3 car units.

Current fleet details

Named units
Some units had names, as follows:
170401: Sir Moir Lockhead OBE (removed)
170405: Riverside Museum (removed)
170432: Investor in People (removed)

Accidents and incidents
On 13 November 2005, 170207 collided with a car at a level crossing in Swainsthorpe, Norfolk, on the Great Eastern Main Line. The car driver was killed. The front of the train was damaged by the consequent fire from the wrecked car.
On 26 November 2005, 170431 hit a landslide near Moy on the Highland Line. The front of the train was derailed and damaged by the debris, the other 2 coaches remained railed.
On 12 September 2006, 170206 was derailed as it crossed the level crossing at Croxton, Norfolk, on the Breckland Line. A panel that formed part of the level crossing had become dislodged and fouled both railway and road.
On 27 July 2011, 170393 derailed after crossing over a set of faulty points at Princes Street Gardens on the approach to Edinburgh. The train was occupied only by 2 members of crew - neither of whom was injured.
On 14 July 2013, 170272 collided with a car towing a trailer on a level crossing at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on the East Suffolk Line.
On 10 April 2016, 170204 collided with an agricultural tractor on a level crossing at Roudham, on the Breckland line. The tractor driver was seriously injured; the train driver and some passengers sustained minor injuries. An investigation revealed that the tractor driver had obtained permission to cross the line.
On 15 October 2017, 170272 coll

Silicon tetraazide

Silicon tetraazide is a thermally unstable binary compound of silicon and nitrogen with a nitrogen content of 85.7%. This high-energy compound combusts spontaneously and can only be studied in a solution. A further coordination to a six-fold coordinated structure such as a hexaazido silicide [Si(N3)6]2− or as an adduct with bicationic ligands Si(N3)4L2 will result in relatively stable, crystalline solids that can be handled at room temperature.

Preparation 
Silicon tetraazide is synthesized by conversion of silicon tetrachloride with sodium azide in benzene.

The reaction of silicon tetrachloride with an excess of sodium azide at room temperature in acetonitrile will result in the formation of sodium hexaazidosilicide which by adding ligands such as 2,2′-bipyridine and 1,10-phenanthroline will result in stable silicon tetraazide adducts. Other bases such as pyridine and tetramethylethylenediamine will not react with the hexaazido silicide ion.

Another preparation of a bis(triphenylphosphino)iminiumhexaazido silicide salt ((PPN)2Si(N3)6, [Ph3P=NPPh3][Si(N3)6]) is possible by conversion of bis(triphenylphosphino)iminium azide (PPNN3, [Ph3P=NPPh3]+N3−) with silicon tetrachloride in acetonitrile.

Properties 
Silicon tetraazide is a white crystalline compound that will detonate at even 0 °C. The pure compound, and also silicon chloride triazide and silicon dichloride diazide contaminated samples, can detonate spontaneously without clear cause. The compound is susceptible to hydrolysis. It is soluble in diethylether and benzene.

The addition compound with 2,2′-bipyridine is much more stable. A melting point of 212 °C with a melting enthalpy of 110 J·g−1 is recorded. The DSC measurement shows at 265 °C a sharp exothermic reaction with an enthalpy of  −2400 J·g−1. Similar results are found for the addition compound with 1,10-phenanthroline. As the hemiacetonitrile solvatated isolated compound expels

The Pitcairn Quakers were a professional American football team from Pitcairn, Pennsylvania, United States. The team played as an independent from 1904 until 1920 and featured the best players in the community as well as some famous college-level players. A few of the players were college All-Americans. At one time, the team was loaded with Native Americans from nearby Carlisle Indian School. The team played many of the Midwestern teams that would later become future members of the National Football League.

History

Origin
The Quakers were established in 1904 out of a local need for sports entertainment. The team was founded by Clyde Collins, his cousin John Johnstonbaugh and former Pitt quarterback Terry DeLozier, who became the team's first coach. Ed Johnston became the team's coach in 1914 and brought with him many ex-college players. Later George Vedernack, a friend of Jim Thorpe, became the team's coach. The team usually played on consecutive days, usually Saturdays and Sundays. They would at times play up to five games in a span of only nine days.

Pop Warner
After Glenn "Pop" Warner took over as the head football coach at Pitt, he decided to try out his experimental plays for the Panthers on the Quakers. If those plays were workable, Warner would then use them against his college opponents. As a result, the forward pass and the criss-cross formation were used by the Quakers in 1914 and later by Pitt in the early 1920s. The forward pass once resulted in a 140-0 Quakers victory over a team from nearby South Fork. During that game, the Quakers completed 14 consecutive passes.

Into the Midwest
In 1915, the Quakers, after establishing themselves as the top team in the Pittsburgh area, decided to venture into the Midwest and play many of the top teams from Indiana and Ohio. After a $12,000 investment made by the team's manager, the Quakers began to establish a loyal fan base and began play in the Midwest. During this time, the Quakers played against Ohio League teams such as the Canton Bulldogs, Massillon Tigers, Fort Wayne Friars and Dayton Triangles.

In 1916 the Quakers posted a 7-8 record, and lost every game they played against their Ohio League opponents. However, in each game, Pitcairn held those opponents to close scores. A year later, the Quakers defeated the Youngstown

Reaction

Media coverage

The image went largely unnoticed until an unknown person began placing posters of the image, with the added label "socialism," throughout downtown Los Angeles, California.  In April 2009, Bedlam magazine became the first media outlet to report on Obama "Joker" signs being spotted in Los Angeles.  During the summer months, Obama "Joker" posters were distributed in Florida and Atlanta, Georgia.  In August 2009, the posters became a viral phenomenon online. The poster quickly became the center of an international "media typhoon" widely covered by news outlets such as CNN, Fox News, and the Drudge Report.

Media coverage ranged from praise for the image's artistic value to critics labeling the poster racist.  Culture critic Philip Kennicott of The Washington Post described the poster as a "subtly coded, highly effective racial and political argument".  Thomas Lifson, editor of The American Thinker, described it as "open mockery of Barack Obama, as disillusionment sets in with the man", and The First Post suggested the image marked "a turning of the tide of public opinion against a president who promised so much".  Film critic Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian described the poster as "the single most chilling—and brilliant—piece of poisonous political propaganda I think I have ever seen."

Copyright and free speech controversy

The media coverage resulted in Flickr removing all copies of the image, citing a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) takedown notice, and deleting forum threads discussing the image.  The takedown was met with much backlash from the Flickr community and caused Flickr to change their DMCA takedown policy.  The new policy provides for a page to remain if a takedown notice is filed against it, but for the image to be replaced with one that reads: "This image has been removed due to a claim of copyright infringement."  A spokesperson for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights advocacy group, defended Alkhateeb's image citing fair use protection.  As a result of Flickr removing the Obama "Joker" image, some online communities viewed Alkhateeb as the most visible representative, in August 2009, of free speech on the Internet.

Protest symbol
The image was adopted by some of Obama's critics and used for posters, T-shirts, bumper stickers, and other merchandise. The image is considered by some a symbol of the

Udhaya

Udhaya is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film which was directed by Azhagam Perumal. The film features Vijay and Simran in lead roles, while Vivek, Nassar and Rajesh play other supporting roles. The soundtrack for the film was composed by A. R. Rahman and the background score was by Pravin Mani. The editing was by Raja Mohammad, and the cinematography was by Priyan.

The film released on 30 March 2004. It was dubbed into Hindi as Toofan – One Man Army.

Plot
Udhayakumaran (Vijay) is a college student who does research on subatomic physics. He is offered a research position at Princeton University due to his ground-breaking research papers. However, he declines the offer and becomes a lecturer in his college, where he meets Vasanthi (Simran), and they fall in love with each other. Udhaya later comes to know that she has already been engaged and decides to move to another city. With the help of Basheer (Vivek), he finds a job as a reporter in Chennai. Unfortunately, Basheer dies in a bomb blast, and Udhaya unwittingly gets to meet the people responsible for Basheer's death, who introduce him to their boss Dhananjay Veeran (Nassar), who poses as a crusader with veiled intentions. Udhaya sympathizes with the crusaders and helps build an instrument to break granite slabs, aiding manual labor. Later, he builds a bomb born out of his research and gives it to Veeran to help their cause in supporting laborers. However, Veeran uses the bomb on a train without Udhaya's knowledge, killing many innocent people and framing Udhaya for the bomb blast, who is further arrested for a crime he did not commit. En route from the court, the police vehicle is caught in a puddle, and Udhaya gets a chance to escape. On the run, he stumbles upon Veeran and his accomplice discussing a plot to bomb a school bus, and then, he comes to the realization that Veeran is the culprit. Udhaya manages to save the school kids from the explosion. Veeran arrives and attempts to shoot Udhaya. A fight ensues in which Veeran is thrown into the flames of the wreckage

From 1703 to 1810, Arkhangelskoye belonged to the Golitsyns. In 1810, Prince Nikolai Yusupov bought the estate, which stayed in the Yusupov family until the Russian Revolution. In 1917, the Yusupovs' property was nationalized by the Bolsheviks. Today, Arkhangelskoye is a state museum.

The estate is built in a neoclassical style by Jacob Guerne, with the prominent palace facing the Moscow river and a regular terraced park decorated with many antique statues. Other structures of note include a small palace named the Caprice, monuments to Catherine the Great and Alexander Pushkin and an 18th-century theatre designed by famous Italian theater set designer Pietro Gonzaga (1751–1831). Arkhangelskoye's oldest building is the church of Archangel Michael (1646). Among the other buildings are Saint Gates (1825–26), the uncompleted "Colonnade" (; constructed from 1909–16), which was intended to be a mausoleum for the elder son of the last Princess Yusupova and now as an exhibition hall, and two extensions of the sanatorium built in the 1930s.

The estate is famous for its collection of fine art including paintings, sculptures, furnitures, ceramics and interior.

Arkhangelskoye today

In 1996, the Russian Ministry of Culture acquired the estate, but did not find itself in a position to maintain it. For this reason, the site was listed in the 1996 World Monuments Watch by the World Monuments Fund. According to the organization, exterior columns and plaster were damaged, and the theater's roof and main staircase were unsound. When the site was listed again on the 2002 World Monuments Watch, Moscow officials had drafted a thorough conservation plan, which included work on the exterior of the building and the surrounding gardens. Help for interior conservation came from American Express through the World Monuments Fund. During this project, paintings by Hubert Robert were conserved and other repairs took place. Nowadays Arkhangelskoye is a popular tourist attraction, and is often visited by Muscovites on short trips. Important cultural events take place at the estate, such as music festivals. As of December 2006, large restoration works are nearly to be finished at the palace.

Image gallery

References

 Priscilla Roosevelt, "Arkhang

Tomás Roseingrave

Tomás Roseingrave (4 July 1918 – 21 August 1993) was an Irish social scientist.

Biography

Roseingrave was born at Gort, County Galway, to Thomas Roseingrave (an engineer) and Nora McMahon, in 1918. He was educated at the O'Brien Institute, Dublin, between 1928 and 1934, later working for the Dublin Port and Milling Company, and later still for Ceimici Teoranta, in 1965.

He earned a Master's Degree in social science at University College Dublin, in the early 1960s, where he would later become a senior research fellow. In 1967 he became director of manpower studies in the Department of Labour. It was in this capacity that he published a number of influential reports on Irish regional development, such as Manpower in an industrial growth centre: a survey in Waterford.

A member of Muintir na Tíre, he was in 1968 made its second national director.  His reports while at Munintir na Tire were well received at government level and played a significant part in the examination of the problems current in rural Ireland in the 1970s.

Ireland joined the EEC in 1973, and from then till his death, Roseingrave was a member of the EEC's Economic and Social Committee, acting as a rapporteur for many of its opinions, particularly in new areas pertaining to community and technology. His work was recognised by an award of the gold medal of the Foundation for European Merit in 1982. Five years later, he was distinguished when made a Grand Officer of the Institute for Diplomatic Relations. Through Home Truth, an RTÉ programme that ran from 1966 to 1968, and his weekly broadcasting work on RTÉ radio, he became associated in the public mind as the public face of Irish social sciences.

A keen Irish language enthusiast and a member of the Gaelic League, Roseingrave was a member of the Gaelic Athletic Association, the RTÉ review committee and a member of the Dublin Institute of Adult Education.

Personal life

On 21 August 1945, Roseingrave married Ellen Goulding, with whom he had two sons and four daughters. They lived in Dundrum, Dublin. A son, Tom, died suddenly in November 2006. A daughter, Siobhan Roseingrave, stood during the 2011 Irish general election as the lone Independent female candidate

Kitchen Nightmares is an American reality television series formerly broadcast on the Fox network, in which chef Gordon Ramsay is invited by the owners to spend a week with a failing restaurant in an attempt to revive the business. It is based on the British show Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares.

The show premiered Wednesday September 19, 2007. On June 23, 2014, Ramsay announced that he was ending the series. In June 2018, Gordon Ramsay's 24 Hours to Hell and Back, a new series with a premise much like Kitchen Nightmares but a shorter timeline, premiered on Fox.

Production
The show was produced by ITV Studios America and Optomen, in association with A. Smith & Co. Productions, with Arthur Smith, Kent Weed and Patricia Llewellyn serving as executive producers.

In the UK, the series is broadcast under the name Kitchen Nightmares USA and Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares USA on Channel 4, which also produced the original UK version. Reruns, along with the British series, are frequently shown on BBC America.

Series overview

Episodes

Season 1 (2007) 
The first season focused on restaurants in the southern California and New York City areas.

Season 2 (2008–09)

Season 3 (2010) 
The third season was originally scheduled to premiere on Wednesday, January 27, 2010, but it was postponed to Friday, January 29, 2010, due to the State of the Union address.

Season 4 (2011) 
In May 2010, the Fox network announced the return of Kitchen Nightmares for a fourth season. The fourth season aired from January 21, 2011 to May 20, 2011 on Fox.

Season 5 (2011–12) 
In March 2011 the producers of the show announced a casting call for a fifth season. The fifth season premiered on Friday, September 23, 2011 and ended on March 30, 2012.

Season 6 (2012–13) 
In February 2012 the Fox network announced it renewed Kitchen Nightmares for a sixth season, which premiered on Friday, October 26, 2012.
{{Episode table
|background  = #66ccff
|overall=6 |season      = 6
|title       = 41
|aux1        = 25
|airdate     = 12
|viewers     = 10
|country     = US
|titleT      = Restaurant
|aux1T       = Location

In 1989, the fanzine expanded to cover other genre films and television series as well as Doctor Who, and the title was changed to DreamWatch Bulletin so that the popular abbreviation DWB would remain intact. In 1994, it was turned into a fully professional newsstand magazine: the title was shortened to simply Dreamwatch, and the numbering of the magazine was restarted from issue 1.

The original fanzine was founded and edited by Gary Levy, who later changed his name to Gary Leigh. He edited the first hundred issues, before handing over editorial reins first to David Gibbs (issues 101-110) and then to Anthony Brown (111-130), after which the professional version was launched (with numbering beginning again at issue 1, and with Anthony Clark and then Paul Simpson as editors until issue 71). Leigh returned as editor with issue 72, aided by co-editor Simon J. Gerard who worked on the title on a day-to-day basis. Leigh retained ownership of the title until 2001, when he sold the magazine to Titan Magazines, part of the Titan Entertainment Group owned by Nick Landau.  Gerard moved across to Titan with Dreamwatch and took the role of Contributing Editor. 

Brian J. Robb became Editor/Managing Editor in June 2001 (issue 81) and continued through to September 2003 (issue 108) which marked DWBs 20th continuous year of publication. Former Deputy Editor David Bassom served as Editor from issue 109 to 123, and launched the stand-alone US edition with the help of Deputy Editor Matthew Chapman. Robb became Editor/Managing Editor of Dreamwatch once more from January 2005 (issue 124) until October 2006 (issue 145). Former deputy editor Richard Matthews then became editor for a few issues (until issue 148) before the editorship returned to Robb until issue 150, which was the last print edition, published on 25 January 2007 (issue 280 if counted from the debut issue in July 1983).

At the end of January 2007, the magazine became a web-only publication entitled Total Sci-Fi, offering SF news and features and Dreamwatch/DWB archive at www.totalscifionline.com. The website was edited by Matt McAllister, and counted many former Dreamwatch writers among its contributors. It was placed on indefinite hiatus in 2011.

Category:1983 establishments in the United Kingdom
Category:2007 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Category:British monthly magazines
Category:British online

The German Academic Exchange Service or DAAD () is the largest German support organisation in the field of international academic co-operation.

Organisation

DAAD scholarship in Germany is a private, federally funded and state-funded, self governing national agency of the institutions of higher education in Germany, representing 365 German higher education institutions (100 universities and technical universities, 162 general universities of applied sciences, and 52 colleges of music and art) [2003].

The DAAD itself does not offer programs of study or courses, but awards competitive, merit-based grants for use toward study and/or research in Germany at any of the accredited German institutions of higher education. It also awards grants to German students, doctoral students, and scholars for studies and research abroad. With an annual budget of 522 million Euros and supporting approximately 140.000 individuals world-wide, the DAAD is in fact the largest such academic grant organisation worldwide The organisation was founded on 1 January 1925 but closed down in 1945, only to be refounded again in 1950.

Headquarters and regional offices

The DAAD headquarters are in Bonn and there are 15 international regional branch offices which exist to provide information and advice on study and research opportunities, as well as available grants, tailored to students and academics within their region.

The DAAD New York office serves residents of the United States and Canada who are enrolled or employed at American and Canadian higher education institutions, and would like to study or pursue research in Germany.  From the perspective of this side of the exchange, the DAAD's mission is to facilitate American and Canadian students' access to the distinguished German institutions of higher education and research—from research universities (Universitäten) to universities of applied sciences (Fachhochschule), colleges of music and art, libraries and archives, and research institutions such as the Max Planck Institutes.

List of regional offices

DAAD London (established in 1952)
DAAD Cairo (1960)
DAAD New Delhi (1960)
DAAD Paris (1963)
DAAD New York City (1971)
DAAD Rio de Janeiro (1972)
DAAD Moscow (1973)
DAAD Nairobi (1973)
DAAD Tokyo (1978)
DAAD Jakarta (1990)
DAAD Beijing (1994)
DAAD Warsaw (1997)
DAAD Seoul (2000)
DAAD Mexico City (2001)
DAAD Hanoi (2003)
DAAD Brussels (2007

Elizabeth White (born 5 November 1979) is an English actress, known for her roles as Annie Cartwright in the BBC series Life on Mars and Emma Keane in the Channel 4 drama series Ackley Bridge.

Television and theatre
White's other prominent TV roles were in Season One of the ITV show The Fixer, playing Jess Mercer, the sister of John Mercer. She also played Shannon in The Empresses' New Clothes, an episode of Fairy Tales, which were the BBC's modern takes on classic children's stories. In April 2011, she appeared in the BBC adaptation The Crimson Petal and the White.

She featured in the music video for Bush's final single "Inflatable", and starred in the Hammer Films 2012 adaptation of The Woman in Black as the eponymous woman. In July 2014, White starred as Melissa in episodes 1 and 2 of the original audio drama 'Osiris' by Everybodyelse Productions, and in 2014 as Lizzie Mottershead in BBC One's Our Zoo, a drama series about the man who created Chester Zoo and the impact it had on his family.

On stage she starred in the lead role of Heavenly Critchfield in Tennessee Williams' Spring Storm at the former Cottesloe Theatre at the National Theatre in London in 2010, transferred from The Royal & Derngate Northampton production where it premiered in 2009. In 2011, she appeared in A Woman Killed with Kindness by Thomas Heywood at the Lyttelton at the National Theatre in 2011, where she appeared in 2013 again in a double role in Simon Stephens' new play Port. 
In October 2014, she appeared as Chrysothemis in Electra by Sophocles opposite Kristin Scott Thomas at the Old Vic Theatre in London, which also starred Peter Wight who played her father-in-law in the BBC series Our Zoo.

In 2017, it was announced that White would appear in a revival of Jim Cartwright's play Road at the Royal Court TheatreLiz also provides the voice over for the bbc programme garden rescue.

Filmography

References

External links
 
 Liz White at bbc.co.uk's official Life on Mars website, with an interview and career overview.

Category:1979 births
Category:English television actresses
Category:English film actresses
Category:Living people
Category:People from Rotherham
Category:Actresses from Yorkshire
Category:Alumni of the Liverpool

Natasha Delia Letitia Gordon  (born 1976) is an award-winning British playwright of Jamaican heritage. In 2018, having previously been an actor, she became the first black British female playwright to have a play staged in the West End.

Life 
Natasha Gordon was born in North London in 1976, to parents who were both migrants from Jamaica.  Her grandparents had arrived in London from Jamaica by boat as part of the so-called Windrush generation in the late 1950s. Her mother joined them in 1963, finding work, a Jamaican-born husband and a reassuringly familiar West Indian community there.

Gordon's debut play Nine Night premiered at London's National Theatre in April 2018  to critical acclaim  transferring seven months later to London's Trafalgar Studios on 1 December. The transfer marks a pivotal moment in history as Gordon will become the first black British female playwright to have a play in the West End. In a Guardian newspaper profile on her, Gordon explains that the "nine night" ritual of gathering to eat, drink and swap stories helped her to connect with her family’s past and inspired her first play. She also cites the recent deportation threats experienced by many of the Windrush generation as fuel for her to learn more about the difficulties her grandparents faced. The play resulted in Gordon winning the London Evening Standard Theatre Awards Charles Wintour Award for Most Promising Playwright in 2018.

As an actor, her stage credits include Red Velvet (Tricycle Theatre), The Low Road and Clubland (Royal Court Theatre), Mules (Young Vic) and As You Like It (Royal Shakespeare Company).  Her film and TV credits include Dough, Line of Duty, Class and Danny and the Human Zoo.

Gordon was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2020 New Year Honours for services to drama.

Career

Acting

Theatre 

 Red Velvet by Lolita Chakrabarti (2012), The Tricycle
 Speechless by Linda Brogan & Polly Teale (2010) Sherman Cymru
 The Exception and the Rule by Bertolt Brecht (2004), Young Vic
 As You Like It by William Shakespeare (2003), Royal Shakespeare Company
 Inside Out by Tanika Gupta, (2002) Arcola Theatre
 Skin Deep, (2002) Warehouse Theatre, Croydon
 Aladdin (2002) Lyric Theatre

Daybreak is a master-planned community over 4,000 acres (16 km²) in size that began construction in 2004 under the direction of land development company Kennecott Land (a subsidiary of Rio Tinto Group) in South Jordan, Utah. In 2016, the balance of the land holding was sold to Minneapolis-based investment firm Värde Partners, and a new development company called Daybreak Communities was formed to continue development of the project. The community is expected to continue building for the next 18 to 20 years. When completed, it could contain more than 20,000 residential units and approximately 9.1 million square feet (850,000 m²) of commercial space.

Description
Daybreak is designed using a traditional neighborhood development model (TND), which means that all homes are within a five-minute walk or bike ride of a major amenity such as a park, the lake, or a shopping area, reducing dependence on automobile travel. The home designs were inspired by Salt Lake City's historical neighborhoods such as Sugar House, The Avenues, and Harvard-Yale areas, and include large front porches and alley-loaded garages. Exterior styles include Colonial Revival, Craftsman and Victorian. The homes along each street also have brighter colors than are found in most suburban neighborhoods. Recently, homes with a more modern style have been added.

The community is currently divided into several sub-neighborhoods called villages: Founder's Park was the original village opened in 2004. Eastlake Village which opened in 2006 features several parks. North Shore Village is likely the community's most diverse neighborhood architecturally and Garden Park Village, which opened in 2009, is a fully maintained neighborhood designed with the 55+ empty nester in mind. Garden Park features its own private clubhouse, fitness area and easy beach access. Lake Village which currently holds the largest and most expensive homes opened in 2013. Creekside Village opened in 2013 with features such as the largest park in Daybreak, a zip line and more. In SoDa Row Village you will find the main shopping area within Daybreak along with apartments and townhomes. In 2016, the developer opened its first village on the West side of Mountain View Corridor, the major state highway that essentially divides the community in half. South Station Village is the first neighborhood in Daybreak that follows a transit oriented development pattern. The extension of the Red Line on UTA's TRAX light rail system which connects Daybreak to downtown Salt

Johannes Hubertus Leonardus de Haas

Johannes Hubertus Leonardus de Haas (25 March 1832 – 4 August 1908) was a Dutch animal and landscape painter, and a peripheral figure of the Hague School.

Born at Hedel, De Haas spend his youth in Amsterdam where he got his first art education at evening-classes at the Koninklijke Academie. Consequently, he moved to Haarlem where he was apprenticed to the artist Pieter Frederik van Os. During his stay in Haarlem he befriended Paul Gabriël and Hendrik Dirk Kruseman Van Elten who were also studying with Van Os.

In 1853, together with his two friends, De Haas decided to go to Oosterbeek. Here they came into contact with the influential landscape painter Johannes Warnardus Bilders and the group of painters which had gathered around him, many of whom would later be part of the Hague School. De Haas also met his future wife in Oosterbeek, Bilders' daughter, Caroline. In 1855 he received good reviews for his pictures that were exhibited in Paris from the noted art critic Jean Baptiste Gustave Planche.

In 1857 De Haas first went to Brussels, where he became friends with Willem Roelofs. De Haas frequently returned to the Netherlands and Oosterbeek for inspiration and Caroline. From 1860 his friend Gabriël also lived in Brussels, and De Haas often painted cattle in the landscapes of both Roelofs and Gabriel, fitting in perfectly with both their styles. In 1860 he won the gold medal at the exhibition of Utrecht.

From 1861 until 1869 De Haas is permanently settled in Brussels, painting mainly on the coasts of Flanders and Picardie in northern France. He married Caroline Bilders in 1862, and in 1864 they are briefly joined by her brother, the promising painter Gerard Bilders. In 1865 Caroline dies at the age of 24 of tuberculosis, leaving him with a young son. During his stay in Brussels De Haas is instrumental in passing on the style of the Barbizon school to the painters at Oosterbeek.

In 1869 he received gold medals for his work at the exhibitions in Munich. At this time he befriends the future prince regent of Bavaria, Luitpold. This friendship provides

The hardware was designed by Stewart J Holmes. The software was designed by Paul Gillingwater, Nigel Keam and Paul Carter.

It is thought that Apple Computers introduction of the Apple II computer into the New Zealand market, and its subsequent heavy educational discounting was the final nail in the coffin for Technosys and the Aamber Pegasus computer. Total production numbers are unknown, but it is thought "around one hundred" were sold.

Technical specifications
 CPU: MC6809C
 Memory: 4k RAM, later versions 64k RAM
 Input: QWERTY style key-matrix Keyboard
 Output: TV via RF modulator

Software
An optional multi ROM board in conjunction with a rotating dial allowed switching between 6 EPROM banks containing multiple language environments, games and applications. The EPROM based language environments include EXTENDED BASIC, PASCAL, BASIC (a variant of TinyBASIC), MAD (Assembler/Disassembler) and FORTH. Games available on EPROM are TANKS, INVADERS and GALAXY WARS. Other software included MONITOR (the system BIOS which needed to be present for the system to run) and a word processor application called WORD. The system allowed loading of programs by cassette. Some available cassettes include SNAKES, STAR TREK, HANGMAN and CHARACTER GENERATOR.

Networking
A network version of the Aamber Pegasus provided connectivity to a 6809-based server (SWTPC-6809). Especially the networking version attempted to address the New Zealand Government's computers in schools initiative, but never produced the hoped-for large orders.

Unusual design features
One of the most unusual aspects of the machine is that to save the cost of a CRTC, the processor set up some bits on the 6821(PIA) to control the row being read out, then stepped through a series of NOPs so that the address lines of the CPU could act as a big counter. This counter drove the X address of the display RAM. On every row, the CPU updates the row number selected from the character ROM (and programmable character RAM) and every 16th row it increments the Y address of the display RAM. At the end of the screen the output is blanked, and the CPU gets to do some “real” work until the FIRQ pin is pulsed by the 50 Hz line from

Ephraim of Bonn

Ephraim of Bonn (1132–1196) was a rabbi and writer, known for documenting the massacre of the Jews in the city of York in 1190.

Biography
Ephraim belonged to a prominent family of scholars, which included Eliezer b. Nathan, to whom he addressed questions, and Leontin b. Jacob. He had two brothers, Hillel and Kalonymus, both of whom he outlived. As a boy of thirteen he witnessed the bloody persecutions to which the Jews on the Rhine were subjected, and, with many other Jews, found refuge from the fury of the mob in the castle of Wolkenburg, near Königswinter, in the archbishopric of Cologne. Later he lived at Neuss, and left there for Cologne only a few days before the massacre of 1187. He lost, however, on this occasion, a large part of his fortune. He seems to have resided usually at Worms.

Works

Halacha
Ephraim was one of the important German Talmudists of his time, although comparatively little is known of his work in the field of halakhah. He frequently wrote responsa in conjunction with Judah b. Kalonymus, Moses b. Mordecai, and Baruch b. Samuel; several of them are quoted in the Mordechai; but the "Ḥibbur" mentioned in the Mordechai is not by him, but by Ephraim B. Nathan.

Liturgy
Ephraim is better known as a liturgical poet. Zunz enumerates twenty-three of his piyyuṭim, several of which are found in German and Polish liturgies. For instance, his "Elohim Tzivita Lididecha" and "HaRaḥman Hu Asher Ḥanan" are still recited in Germany on the occasion of a circumcision. Ephraim was, perhaps, the last German to compose poems in Aramaic for the synagogue, his seliḥah, "Ta Shema," being especially well known. This piyyuṭ is a mosaic containing forty-five lines, a combination of Aramaic expressions and phrases used in the Talmud. His Hebrew piyyuṭim are frequently acrostic compositions with a Talmud

Selected Non-fiction
"Introduction to Ambrosia by Lee Upton," The Massachusetts Review, Working Titles, February, 2016.
"How to Get the Most Out of a Writing Group," The Literary Digest: Chuck Sambuchino's Guide to Literary Agents Blog, April 18, 2011.
"An Author's Adventures in Clamming," The Huffington Post, August 4, 2010
Letter to the Editor, “Her So-Called Life (Fact-Checking Required.”) The New York Times, March 7, 2008. 
“Our Town,” Op-Ed, The New York Times, Sunday, September 3, 2006.
Letter to the Editor, response to "The Upscaling of Stuyvesant Town," The New York Times, February 18, 2001.
"An Accidental Utopia", The New York Times, Sunday, November 19, 2000.
Review of The Tales of Arturo Vivante, Harvard Review, Premier Issue (Spring, 1992).
"Coyotes," Columbia (Summer 1990).
"Against the Current: A Conversation with Anita Desai," The Massachusetts Review, Vol. XXIX, No. 3 (Fall, 1988). Reprinted in Anita Desai: Critical Perspectives, edited by Devindra Kohli and Melanie Maria Just, Pencraft International, 2008.

Poetry
"The Pond Alone," Turtle Island Quarterly (Spring, 2018).
"The House on North Lane, Hadley," "Amherst Bear," and "Turkeys on the Track Near Mount Toby," Compass Road, Poems about the Pioneer Valley, edited by Jane Yolen, Levellers Press, 2018.  
"Melon," featured poem in Nourish the Body, Nourish the Soul: Northampton “April is Poetry” Celebration, 2013. 
"The Donkeys Stand on the Manure Pile," 5 AM,  Issue #29 (Spring, 2009).
"Smalls," New England Watershed Magazine, June/July 2006.
"To You There in Dayton" and "Diaphragm Poem," Images, Vol. 4, No. 1 (Fall, 1977).
"Pact," Poetry &, Vol. 2, No. 1 (July–August, 1977).
"Blue Hole," Poetry &, Vol. 1, No. 11 (June, 1977).

Plays

It was then called the Kolakoski sequence as mathematicians investigated it further.

Analysis by mathematicians

Despite the simplicity with which the sequence can be described and generated, it poses several interesting and complex mathematical problems, some of which remain unsolved after more than fifty years of analysis. Until almost the end of his life, Kolakoski himself was not aware of how much attention it had received from professional mathematicians after he had published notice of it in the AMM. However, he eventually received a letter from an architect called William Huff that mentioned the sequence. The letter prompted Loretta Kolakoski to ask her husband's friend Mike Vargo, a writer who had first met him at CIT, to carry out further research when Kolakoski was in hospital during his final illness. Vargo discovered many references to the Kolakoski sequence on the internet and was able to inform his friend before Kolakoski passed away. Vargo felt that Kolakoski had been quietly pleased by the news, feeling that it vindicated his belief in the importance and beauty of the sequence.

Personal significance of sequence to Kolakoski

Because he suffered from schizophrenia, Kolakoski was preoccupied with the topics of free will and determinism throughout his life. Despite his high intelligence and ability to master many different skills with little effort, his illness was, in the words of Mike Vargo, "this thing living within him that was always threatening to literally take over his mind and transport it into regions of chaos and delusion." While wanting to feel himself free, Kolakoski was well aware that he could not control his own brain without pharmaceutical help and was forced to accept determinism. Vargo therefore deduced that his friend searched for a benevolent order in the universe, of which the Kolakoski sequence was one possible expression. The sequence is entirely deterministic, yet behaves in an unpredictable and strangely beautiful way. Kolakoski continued to explore the sequence for many years, creating a corpus of material that is now held as the William Kolakoski Collection at Carnegie Mellon University Libraries and overseen by the mathematician Clark Kimberling.

See also

 William Kolakoski — writing about William Kolakoski by his friend Mike Vargo, including the eulogy delivered at William Kolakoski's funeral, July 29, 1997

Note

External links

 The William Kolakoski Collection at Carnegie Mellon

His older brother Tiziano Mutti also played football professionally. To distinguish them, Tiziano was referred to as Mutti I and Bortolo as Mutti II.

Career
After a reasonably good playing career as a striker/attacking midfielder with a number of Serie B and Serie C teams, including Atalanta, Mutti became a coach in 1988, when he made his debut at the helm of Interregionale club Palazzolo. From 1991 to 1993 he coached Leffe, achieving an impressive promotion to Serie C1. From 1993 to 1995 he served as coach of Serie B team Verona, obtaining two tenth places with the gialloblu. Later called to coach Serie B team Cosenza during the 1995–96 season, he led the club to save from relegation.

In 1996, he had his first opportunity to coach a Serie A team, Piacenza, where he achieved to keep the team in the Italian top flight. In 1997, he was called by Napoli, being however sacked soon later due to poor results in the Serie A. A sixth place with Atalanta in 1998–99 was followed by a return to Cosenza, where he served as head coach for two seasons achieving an 11th and an 8th place. In 2001–02 he was appointed at the helm of newly promoted Serie B team Palermo, where he ended the season with an 11th place. He was called back by a Serie A team, Reggina, but was fired in the mid-season.

From 2003 to 2006 he moved to the other side of the local strait, at Messina, where Mutti achieved a promotion to Serie B in his first season; this was followed by a very impressive seventh place in their first Serie A campaign. However, Mutti's third season with Messina was not as successful as the previous two, being fired during the final part of the season. From February 2007 he is coach of Serie B club Modena, being sacked later on in the 2007–08 end of season due to a string of poor results.

On 11 January 2010 he agreed to return at his previous club Atalanta, taking over at the relegation-battling Serie A outfit from resigning boss Antonio Conte. He ultimately failed in his desperate attempt to save Atalanta, ending the season in a disappointing eighteenth place, which led

Gay Lea Foods Co-operative Limited is a dairy products co-operative in Canada producing butter, sour cream, cottage cheese, whipped cream and lactose free milk for retail, foodservice, industrial and export markets. Gay Lea also produces a new product called "Spreadables", which is a spreadable butter, made as a canola oil and butter blend, that tastes like butter but is spreadable directly out of the fridge. The company is based in Mississauga, Ontario and owned and operated by Ontario milk producers, currently representing approximately thirty-five per cent of all Ontario dairy farms.

History
The company was founded in 1958 as United Dairy and Poultry Co-operative Limited and later renamed Gay Lea Foods Co-operative Limited, to reflect the brand name of its products.

In 1981, Gay Lea purchased the 106-year-old Teeswater Creamery.

In October 2016, Gay Lea acquired Canadian butter maker Stirling Creamery

Operations
 Mississauga, Ontario - Head Office.
 Weston, Ontario - Main distribution centre and cultured products plant.
 Weston, Ontario - UHT pasteurized milk and cream processing plant.
 Guelph, Ontario - Milk powder processing plant, creamery, spreadable butter and aerosol whipped topping operations.
 Teeswater, Ontario - Milk and cream collection plant,Milk powder processing creamery and retail outlet.
 Ivanhoe, Ontario - Traditional Canadian cheeses for both retail and ingredients applications.  Ivanhoe also has a retail outlet.
 Hamilton, Ontario - Salerno Cheese - combined with a retail outlet and fine, traditional Italian Cheeses.
 Hagersville, Ontario - Organic Dairy and goat milk products - combined with the famous Dairy Bar
 Brampton, Ontario - Head DC for all plants.
 Lindsay, Ontario - 10% stake on Mariposa Dairy - specializing in goat cheese.

Products

 Nordica Cottage cheese
 Nordica Single Serve Cottage cheese
 Lacteeze Milk
 Gay Lea Spreadable Butter Blend
 Gay Lea Butter
 Gay Lea Sour Cream
 Gay Lea Sour Cream Dip
 Gay Lea Real Whipped Cream

References

External links
 Gay Lea

Category:Dairy products companies of Canada
Category:Agricultural cooperatives in Canada
Category:Food and drink companies established in 1958
Category:1958 establishments in Ontario


Chía, Cundinamarca

Chía is a town and municipality in the Cundinamarca department of Colombia, located to the north of Bogotá on the main road to Zipaquira. Its history dates back to the pre-Columbian era.

Due to its proximity to Bogotá, Chía has effectively become a suburb of the capital. It is also home of the Universidad de la Sabana.

Chia is also known for its gastronomy and its variety of restaurants, ones of the best-known restaurants are Andres Carne de Res, El Galapago, El Despacho and The Store of Don Chucho.

Etymology 
The place-name Chía, also pronounced like Chie in muysc cubun Chibcha language or Muisca language means Moon, although it also has the meanings of «light», «brightness», «glow» (of a luminous source), Month and «nettle» (plant). However, it is not strictly speaking the same word with several meanings, but of several homonymous words, each of which would be understood depending on the context in which it was pronounced.

In the case of the name of the municipality, the place name "Chía" refers to the Moon as a star and as a goddess of the Muisca mythology, in whose honour there was a temple built in the Pre-Columbian town..

History 
Chía was inhabited first by indigenous groups during the Herrera Period and later by the Muisca, as an important settlement in the pre-Colombian era. It was a ceremonial center of worship to the Moon goddess Chía. On March 24, 1537, the Spanish, under the command of Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada, took possession of the town.

In 1781, during the Revolt of the Comuneros, the march of the insurgents towards Bogotá stopped near Chía in order to cross the Bogotá River, in what is now known as the Bridge of the Commoners  (). At that site, the viceroy signed a series of concessions to the rebels. However, once the rebel group had dispersed, the viceroy declared the concessions invalid for having been signed "under pressure". It is widely believed that eventually Bogota will merge with Chia if the city continues to expand (as it happened with Bosa and

Al-Marzuban

Al-Marzuban (), was the thirteenth ruler of the Bavand dynasty from 979 to 986. He was the son and successor of Rustam II. In some sources, his name was changed to Rustam ibn al-Marzuban, which caused confusion among the historians, and made them think that they were two people.

Biography 

According to the historian Hilal al-Sabi', al-Marzuban had a sister named Sayyida Shirin, who was the wife of the Buyid ruler Fakhr al-Dawla, and mother of Majd al-Dawla. However, according to the Qabus-nama made by the Ziyarid ruler Keikavus (who was of Bavandid descent), Sayyida Shirin was the niece of al-Marzuban. There have been several confusions about the reign of the Bavandid kings after the death of Rustam II. In 986, al-Marzuban is not longer mentioned as the ruler of the Bavand dynasty, and a certain Sharwin III is instead mentioned.

A certain Shahriyar III is later mentioned as the ruler of the Bavand dynasty in the following year. al-Marzuban is then once again mentioned in sources, as the having deposed Shahriyar III, and restored himself as the ruler of the Bavand dynasty. In 998, Shahriyar III returned to Tabaristan with Ziyarid aid, and wrested the Bavandid capital of Perim from al-Marzuban. However, al-Marzuban, with Buyid aid, managed to quickly repel him from the city. Shahriyar III shortly made another counter-attack, and defeated al-Marzuban. Shahriyar III then ascended the Bavandid throne, and declared independence from Ziyarid rule. al-Marzuban used this opportunity to become the vassal of the Ziyarids, and regain his throne. Shahriyar III then fled to Ray, where he died in 1000. In 999, the famous Persian scholar Al-Biruni, visited the court of al-Marzuban. 

Al-Marzuban probably reigned until 1006, when the Bavand dynasty was put to an end by the Ziyarid ruler Qabus.

In 1970, while he was teaching in Fraserburg, he published "Klein manifes van ’n reisiger" ("Little manifest of a traveller"), and in 1977, while teaching in Port Elizabeth, he published "Hoera, hoera die ysman" ("Hooray, hooray the iceman").  Poetry about love was included in these two:  he married Celién Nel from Fraserburg in 1973 while he was staying in Kenhardt.  They have two daughters, Melita and Siobhan.

While staying in South-West Africa from 1978 until 1989, George completed his doctorate and published his first collection of short stories, "Tuin van klip en vuur" ("Garden of stone and fire"), as well as releasing another poetry collection, "Uit hierdie grys verblyf" ("From this grey existence").  Three of his dramas was performed by the University of Namibia.

His first book aimed at the youth, "Los my uit, paloekas!", received the silver Sanlam Prize in 1992, and "Die optog van die aftjoppers" received gold in 1994.  The latter also received the highly acclaimed Scheepers Prize in 1995, as well as a nomination by the Children's Book Forum as IBBY Honour Book for the International Board on Books for Young People.

In 1994 his second collection of short stories appeared, entitled "Die donker melk van daeraad".

In 1997 he published 'n Staning onder sterre, a collection of poetry; Nuwe stemme, an omnibus of the works of eleven debut poets, which George arranged; and his first adult novel, Die onderskepper ("The Interceptor"), about a mysterious woman from the city. The latter won the 1998 W.A. Hofmeyr prize and came second place in the De Kat novel competition.

In 1998 "Pella lê ’n kruistog vêr", a selection from his previous collections, was published, as well as a youth novel, "Dana se jaar duisend", which again won the Sanlam prize for Youth literature.

The novel "Draaijakkals" was published in October 1999.

His radio drama, "Lig", won the third place in the RSG competition for 2000/2001.

Until his retirement, George was a lecturer at

After victory in the war, Salter returned to Toronto to continue teaching personality psychology, conducted research, and worked with Klopfer on a revision of the Rorschach. She married Leonard Ainsworth, a graduate student in the Psychology department of University of Toronto, in 1950 and moved to London with him to allow him to finish his PhD at University College London. Although they divorced in 1960, the 10 years of accompanying Leonard to different places for his career gave Mary the opportunity to meet and work with many influential psychologists including John Bowlby, as well as the occasion when they moved to Kampala, Uganda where her first "mother-infant" observation was done.

After many other academic positions, including a long tenure at Johns Hopkins University, she eventually settled at the University of Virginia in 1975, where she remained for the rest of her academic career until 1984. From then she became a professor emeritus and stayed active until the year of 1992. While working at Johns Hopkins, Ainsworth did not receive the proper treatment considering her skills and expertise, such as a proper salary she deserved considering her age, experience, and contribution to the job. She had to wait two years for an associate professor position even though her qualifications surpassed the job description. At the time, women had to eat in separate dining rooms than men, which ultimately meant women could not meet male head department members the "normal way".

Ainsworth received many honors, including the G. Stanley Hall Award from APA for developmental psychology in 1984., the Award for Distinguished Contributions to Child Development in 1985 and the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the American Psychological Association in 1989. She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1992. She died on March 21, 1999 at the age of eighty-five due to a stroke.

Early work
During graduate school, Mary studied under the mentorship of William E. Blatz. Blatz focused on studying what he referred to as "security theory." This theory outlined Blatz's idea that different levels of dependence on parents meant different qualities of relationships with those parents, as well as, the quality of relationships with future partners. His tiers of dependence were labeled secure dependence, independent security, immature dependent security, and mature secure dependence. Blatz theorized that the more secure and mature that the interaction was between individuals, the more likely the relationship to be healthy and without insecurities.

After leaving the Canadian Women's corps she returned to Toronto to continue teaching personality

Hynek Martinec (born 12 November 1980 in Broumov) is a Czech painter, who graduated from the Studio of Classical Painting Techniques under the supervision of Prof. Zdeněk Beran at the Academy of Fine Arts, Prague. After his studies he left for Paris (2005-2007) and since 2007 has been living in London. He received the prestigious BP Young Artist Award (2007) for his hyperrealistic portraits. His paintings are inspired by Old Masters and/or photographs, which link the past with the future, using modern technologies.

Life 
In his hometown of Broumov and its surroundings Hynek Martinec was able to absorb the architecture of Dientzenhofer together with Czech Baroque painting. Since his childhood he drew extensively and already when he was 8-9 years old he discovered the world of classical music. As an 11-year-old boy, in 1991, he was successful in an art competition in Náchod and one painter of the jury offered him private classes and a thorough training in realistic painting. A year later he was taking classes from another painter, who exposed him to the world of abstract art. 

After finishing primary school Martinec studied design at Uherské Hradiště for one year and then transferred to the Secondary Art School of Václav Hollar in Prague. Between 1999 and 2005 he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts,  Prague at the Studio of Classical Painting Techniques under the supervision of Prof. Zdeněk Beran. During his studies he spent an exchange year at Middlesex University, London (2002) and a six-month exchange at the Cooper Union in New York (2004). In 2003, he received a studio award from the Academy of Fine Arts and in 2004 he was awarded as the best Academy student. 

Following graduation he spent two years in Paris in a rented studio before deciding to move to London after receiving the Young Artist Award for artists under 30 in 2007, and at the same time the BP Visitor Choice for his portrait of Zuzana in Paris Studio (2006-2007). The painting was chosen among 60 finalists from 1,870 applications. In 2008 he received the Changing Faces Prize organised by the National Portrait Gallery, London for the painting Bagram in New York (2004) and BP Visitor Choice at the Scottish National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh. 

Hynek Martinec lives and works in London and is

